purdue university :: computer science :: computer science home page < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan lwsn right to know training latest events features intel corp. funds parallel computing center prof. pothen's team works on problems associated with massive networks. read more » prof. aref wins vldb 10-year best paper award top recognition for a paper he published in 2006.read more » ribeiro wins acm sigmetrics best paper award "on the duration and intensity of competitions in nonlinear polya urn processes with fitness"read more » science magazine features prof. gleich's research gleich's research creates new way to analyze and control networks.read more » prof. atallah wins sigma xi research award recognized for a career of scientific research accomplishments.read more » cs researchers win best paper at acm codaspy dong su, ph.d. candidate, is part of the 2016 winning team.read more » winners of ndss'16 distinguished paper cs researchers' paper on apt defense won ndss'16 distinguished paper read more » prof. gleich named sloan research fellow gleich is recognized for distinguished performance in his research.read more » professional master’s in information security new program taking applications nowread more » latest news cs grad students and advisor earn best paper prof. pothen's research team to solve large-scale network problems prof. walid aref wins vldb 10-year best paper award new faculty member, ribeiro, wins acm sigmetrics best paper award science magazine features prof. gleich's research building projects, building teams, building character cos names gustavo rodriguez-rivera top undergraduate teacher more news quick links professor of practice positions, apply here reserve a lwsn room graduate ta application & preference form undergraduate teaching assistantships cs graduation survey overrides for cs courses computer systems status calendar lawson building hours lawson building emergency plan the port in computer science purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university - indiana's land grant university quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency menu home admissions academics inclusion arts and ideas research alumni athletics about amazon textbooks campus map blackboard mypurdue apply now academic calendar student health number 2 best school in the u.s. with rolling admission (u.s. news and world report) communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction information shop calendar libraries information technology tuition calculator center for healthy living people human resources speak up diversity and inclusion ethics and compliance public safety timely warnings purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, 765-494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | integrity statement | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.apply to purdue - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links request info visit apply application status accept your offer undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines & dates check your application status admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students applying apply to purdue you're ready to apply! choose the correct application below. if you’re not sure which to use, please contact the office of admission, admissions@purdue.edu, 765-494-1776. show all | hide all the common application* apply now for 2017 use this application if you are a: first-time college student applying to be degree-seeking at our west lafayette campus or a purdue polytechnic statewide location. first-time college students include those who took/are taking college courses prior to earning their high school degree. college transfer or purdue regional campus transfer student applying to be degree-seeking at our west lafayette campus or a purdue polytechnic statewide location. transfer students include those who completed any college coursework after high school. (the transfer application for summer and fall enrollment will be available december 15.) *the coalition application is another application these students will have the option to use in the near future. we expect this application to be available in early october 2016. if you're a first-time college student applying for 2017 enrollment and want to meet the november 1 application deadline, we strongly recommend that you use the common application rather than waiting for the coalition application to be available. do not submit both of these applications — doing so will delay the processing of your application. non-degree application (for west lafayette campus and purdue polytechnic statewide locations) apply now for 2017 use this application if you are a: local resident who wants to take a class for personal enrichment guest college student attending another institution who wants to transfer the credit back to your college high school student who is taking a purdue course while still in high school for 50000- or 60000-level classes, you should apply through the purdue graduate school. international citizens in the united states on f-2 visas must visit the office of international students and scholars before applying as non-degree students. failure to do so may result in revocation of your visa and possible deportation. if you have recently been denied admission to purdue, you cannot be admitted as a non-degree student. if you need more information before applying, visit the non-degree student website. re-entry application apply now for 2017 you're a re-entry student if you: left purdue west lafayette in good academic standing as a degree-seeking student and now want to return after at least two semesters out of school (summer doesn't count as a semester away) left a purdue polytechnic statewide location in good academic standing as a degree-seeking student and now want to return to a polytechnic statewide location after at least two semesters out of school (summer doesn't count as a semester away) already received a purdue undergraduate degree and want to take additional undergraduate courses at least two semesters after graduating learn more about returning to purdue as a re-entry student. readmission application apply now for 2017 you're a readmission student if you were dropped from the university for academic reasons. before you apply, there are several steps you must complete, including re-establishing a strong academic record at a community college. for more information, review our readmission student webpage. not all majors are listed on the readmission application. if the major you want to return to is not listed in the program of study options section of the application, choose the major closest to your desired major and use the personal information section to explain why you selected it. if you are selecting a major other than the one you were enrolled in previously, to be admitted you will need to meet the change of degree objective (codo) requirements for the new major. in addition, readmission into any major is at the discretion of the academic department.  veterinary technology distance learning application apply now for 2017 veterinary technology is an academic program for those who want to pursue nursing careers within the animal health field. purdue offers its associate's degree (veterinary technician) as a distance-learning program. information about the program and admission requirements is available on the veterinary technology distance learning website. the vet tech distance learning program is not available to kentucky residents. digital education application apply now for 2017 digital and professional education at purdue provides continuing education, professional development and workforce training, mostly through online programs. for more information, visit the digital and professional education website. international citizens in the united states on f-2 visas must visit the office of international students and scholars before applying as digital education students. failure to do so may result in revocation of your visa and possible deportation. the online application for fall 2016 is no longer available. if you still want to apply as a non-degree digital education student for fall 2016, you may use the non-degree application (pdf). pathway to purdue application non-degree application pathway to purdue is a partnership between the purdue college of agriculture and ivy tech community college-lafayette through which students are enrolled at both institutions with the goal of earning a bachelor's degree in agriculture from purdue. if you're just beginning in this program, you'll complete purdue's non-degree application. if you're a current pathway student who is ready to transfer to purdue, you should apply as a transfer student, rather than non-degree. learn more about pathway to purdue. international citizens in the united states on f-2 visas must visit the office of international students and scholars before applying as pathway to purdue students. failure to do so may result in revocation of your visa and possible deportation. dual credit application apply now students at high schools that participate in purdue's dual-credit program have the opportunity to take select purdue courses at their school — earning both high school and purdue credit. as a dual-credit student, you will submit our non-degree application. for more information, visit the purdue dual credit webpage. applying closed programs deadlines check the status of your application purdue majors and minors freshman scholarships admissions documents main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families high school counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links request info visit apply application status﻿ accept your offer undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines & dates check your application status admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students daily visits monday - friday register print directions agenda travel and lodging event details they're called daily visits for a reason. most of the year we offer four, three-hour daily visits each weekday. there's also one on saturdays during the school year. when scheduling a daily visit be aware of "presentation only" dates. these are times when our student ambassadors are unavailable — the program lasts about one hour and includes a short, guided walk and 45-minute information session. book early — daily visits fill well in advance. daily visit guests who want to spend more time exploring campus are encouraged to customize their day. for example, there are regularly scheduled visit programs within the college of engineering and the krannert school of management as well as opportunities to schedule individual appointments with representatives from other purdue academic colleges. parking and directions campus map campus accessibility map time zone main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families high school counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.purdue university :: computer science :: computer science home page < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan lwsn right to know training latest events features intel corp. funds parallel computing center prof. pothen's team works on problems associated with massive networks. read more » prof. aref wins vldb 10-year best paper award top recognition for a paper he published in 2006.read more » ribeiro wins acm sigmetrics best paper award "on the duration and intensity of competitions in nonlinear polya urn processes with fitness"read more » science magazine features prof. gleich's research gleich's research creates new way to analyze and control networks.read more » prof. atallah wins sigma xi research award recognized for a career of scientific research accomplishments.read more » cs researchers win best paper at acm codaspy dong su, ph.d. candidate, is part of the 2016 winning team.read more » winners of ndss'16 distinguished paper cs researchers' paper on apt defense won ndss'16 distinguished paper read more » prof. gleich named sloan research fellow gleich is recognized for distinguished performance in his research.read more » professional master’s in information security new program taking applications nowread more » latest news cs grad students and advisor earn best paper prof. pothen's research team to solve large-scale network problems prof. walid aref wins vldb 10-year best paper award new faculty member, ribeiro, wins acm sigmetrics best paper award science magazine features prof. gleich's research building projects, building teams, building character cos names gustavo rodriguez-rivera top undergraduate teacher more news quick links professor of practice positions, apply here reserve a lwsn room graduate ta application & preference form undergraduate teaching assistantships cs graduation survey overrides for cs courses computer systems status calendar lawson building hours lawson building emergency plan the port in computer science purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: computer science home page < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan lwsn right to know training latest events features intel corp. funds parallel computing center prof. pothen's team works on problems associated with massive networks. read more » prof. aref wins vldb 10-year best paper award top recognition for a paper he published in 2006.read more » ribeiro wins acm sigmetrics best paper award "on the duration and intensity of competitions in nonlinear polya urn processes with fitness"read more » science magazine features prof. gleich's research gleich's research creates new way to analyze and control networks.read more » prof. atallah wins sigma xi research award recognized for a career of scientific research accomplishments.read more » cs researchers win best paper at acm codaspy dong su, ph.d. candidate, is part of the 2016 winning team.read more » winners of ndss'16 distinguished paper cs researchers' paper on apt defense won ndss'16 distinguished paper read more » prof. gleich named sloan research fellow gleich is recognized for distinguished performance in his research.read more » professional master’s in information security new program taking applications nowread more » latest news cs grad students and advisor earn best paper prof. pothen's research team to solve large-scale network problems prof. walid aref wins vldb 10-year best paper award new faculty member, ribeiro, wins acm sigmetrics best paper award science magazine features prof. gleich's research building projects, building teams, building character cos names gustavo rodriguez-rivera top undergraduate teacher more news quick links professor of practice positions, apply here reserve a lwsn room graduate ta application & preference form undergraduate teaching assistantships cs graduation survey overrides for cs courses computer systems status calendar lawson building hours lawson building emergency plan the port in computer science purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.security check required facebook email or phone password forgot account? sign up security check please enter the text below can't read the text above? try another text or an audio captcha text in the box: what's this? security checkthis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.submit english (us) español français (france) 中文(简体) العربية português (brasil) italiano 한국어 deutsch हिन्दी 日本語 sign up log in messenger facebook lite mobile find friends badges people pages places games locations celebrities groups moments about create ad create page developers careers privacy cookies ad choices terms help settings activity log facebook © 2016purdue comp science (@purduecs) | twitter home moments search query search twitter saved searches remove verified account @ suggested users verified account @ verified account @ language: english bahasa indonesia bahasa melayu català čeština dansk deutsch english uk español filipino français hrvatski italiano magyar nederlands norsk polski português română slovenčina suomi svenska tiếng việt türkçe ελληνικά български език русский српски українська мова עִבְרִית العربية فارسی मराठी हिन्दी বাংলা ગુજરાતી தமிழ் ಕನ್ನಡ ภาษาไทย 한국어 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 have an account? log in have an account? remember me · forgot password? new to twitter? sign up purdue comp science @purduecs tweets 1,352 following 413 followers 1,283 likes 27   more likes unmute @purduecs mute @purduecs follow following unfollow blocked unblock pending cancel purdue comp science @purduecs department of computer science, purdue university - west lafayette opinions expressed on this site may not represent the official views of purdue university. west lafayette, indiana cs.purdue.edu joined october 2009 155 photos and videos photos and videos tweets tweets tweets & replies media @purduecs is blocked are you sure you want to view these tweets? viewing tweets won't unblock @purduecs. view tweets close purdue comp science followed purdue comp science ‏ @purduecs aug 22 today - cognitive radio – overview and security issues antonio tedeschi, university of roma tre 1:00 p.m. lwsn 3102 0 retweets 4 likes reply retweet retweeted like 4 liked 4 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue comp science ‏ @purduecs aug 22 initial virtual challenge opens 9am, monday october 3.closes 5pm, friday october 7 virtual link: http://hr.gs/2016itachallengevirtual … $5000 prize! 0 retweets 1 like reply retweet retweeted like 1 liked 1 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue comp science ‏ @purduecs aug 17 cognitive radio – overview and security issues antonio tedeschi, university of roma tre monday, august 22, 2016 1:00 p.m. lwsn 3102 0 retweets 0 likes reply retweet retweeted like liked more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue comp science ‏ @purduecs aug 15 congrats professors dongyan xu and xiang zhang for retroscope - the "new frontier" in smartphone forensics.http://www.indystar.com/story/news/crime/2016/08/11/purdues-retroscope-can-see-what-your-phone-sees/88302662/ … 0 retweets 3 likes reply retweet retweeted like 3 liked 3 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue comp science ‏ @purduecs aug 4 http://www.space.com/33648-perseid-meteor-shower-extra-awesome-2016.html … 0 retweets 1 like reply retweet retweeted like 1 liked 1 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue comp science ‏ @purduecs aug 2 welcome bridge students! did you learn something, today?pic.twitter.com/pks8ocbtql 0 retweets 5 likes reply retweet retweeted like 5 liked 5 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue comp science ‏ @purduecs jul 25 $300,000 donation from guggenheim life and annuity company will fund the first year of a statewide robotics initiative. 2 retweets 2 likes reply retweet 2 retweeted 2 like 2 liked 2 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue comp science ‏ @purduecs jul 21 michael luby, qualcomm technologies, inc. august 1, 2016, 2:00 p.m. lwsn 1142 0 retweets 3 likes reply retweet retweeted like 3 liked 3 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue comp science ‏ @purduecs jul 15 talk o' two parts: battling digital forensic backlog and evidence planting for digital forensic education mark scanlon jul.19 1:30 lwsn 3102 0 retweets 2 likes reply retweet retweeted like 2 liked 2 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue comp science ‏ @purduecs jul 8 david gleich, austin r. benson and jure leskovec of stanford research featured in science magazine.http://science.sciencemag.org/content/353/6295/163 … 0 retweets 1 like reply retweet retweeted like 1 liked 1 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue comp science ‏ @purduecs jun 27 bridge correlational neural networks for multilingual multimodal representation learning prof, ravindran, iit madras, june 29 3pm lwsn 3102 0 retweets 2 likes reply retweet retweeted like 2 liked 2 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue comp science ‏ @purduecs may 17 today: directed acyclic graphs as a model for biological and cultural evolution by: teemu roos, university of helsinki 2 - 3:00 pm haas 111 0 retweets 2 likes reply retweet retweeted like 2 liked 2 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue comp science ‏ @purduecs may 16 directed acyclic graphs as a model for biological and cultural evolution by: teemu roos, university of helsinki 2-3pm haas 111 -tues. may 17 1 retweet 2 likes reply retweet 1 retweeted 1 like 2 liked 2 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue comp science followed west lafayette pdp.p, purdue's ppri, mr morey and 8 others unmute @westlafayettepd mute @westlafayettepd follow following unfollow blocked unblock pending cancel west lafayette pdp.p @westlafayettepd unmute @purdueppri mute @purdueppri follow following unfollow blocked unblock pending cancel purdue's ppri @purdueppri bringing viable alternatives to wicked problems. ppri is a research community led by faculty to foster high-impact, interdisciplinary research. purdue comp science ‏ @purduecs may 5 congrats anant!http://www.purdueexponent.org/campus/article_ad2cc16a-6d4f-5837-929b-8eab13a14ed4.html … 0 retweets 3 likes reply retweet retweeted like 3 liked 3 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue comp science retweeted purdue science ‏ @purduescience may 3 ray ng is an awesome graduating senior! get to know him: http://www.purdueexponent.org/features/article_df571d0b-ac87-5236-ad1f-66aa7f92c2b8.html … @purduecs @purduephysastro 1 retweet 0 likes reply retweet 1 retweeted 1 like liked more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue comp science ‏ @purduecs may 3 go vote today!pic.twitter.com/buwgg4pxci 0 retweets 0 likes reply retweet retweeted like liked more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue comp science ‏ @purduecs apr 29 congratulations graduates! go do great things!pic.twitter.com/4fzigyau7e 0 retweets 3 likes reply retweet retweeted like 3 liked 3 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue comp science ‏ @purduecs apr 28 college of science raised more than $277k. biology earned $19,197 and cs placed 2nd with $13,190.43 - thanks to everyone who gave! 0 retweets 1 like reply retweet retweeted like 1 liked 1 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue comp science ‏ @purduecs apr 27 #igave to grant opportunity and shape the future of purdue. will you? #purduedayofgiving http://bit.ly/1texmti  0 retweets 1 like reply retweet retweeted like 1 liked 1 more copy link to tweet embed tweet @purduecs hasn't tweeted yet. back to top ↑ loading seems to be taking a while. twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. try again or visit twitter status for more information. new to twitter? sign up now to get your own personalized timeline! sign up you may also like · refresh west lafayette, indiana © 2016 twitter about help terms privacy cookies ads info close choose a trend location dismiss close previous next close go to a person's profile saved searches remove verified account @ suggested users verified account @ verified account @ close retweet this to your followers? optional comment for retweet     saved searches remove verified account @ suggested users verified account @ verified account @ 140 retweet tweet close are you sure you want to delete this tweet? cancel delete close promote this tweet close block cancel block add a location to your tweets when you tweet with a location, twitter stores that location. you can switch location on/off before each tweet and always have the option to delete your location history. learn more turn location on not now close profile summary close your lists close create a new list list name description under 100 characters, optional privacy public · anyone can follow this list private · only you can access this list save list close this conversation includes these people close copy link to tweet the url of this tweet is below. copy it to easily share with friends. close embed this tweet embed this video add this tweet to your website by copying the code below. learn more add this video to your website by copying the code below. learn more hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. try again? include parent tweet include media preview close log in to twitter remember me · forgot password? don't have an account? sign up » close sign up for twitter not on twitter? sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen. sign up have an account? log in » close two-way (sending and receiving) short codes: country code for customers of united states 40404 (any) canada 21212 (any) united kingdom 86444 vodafone, orange, 3, o2 brazil 40404 nextel, tim haiti 40404 digicel, voila ireland 51210 vodafone, o2 india 53000 bharti airtel, videocon, reliance indonesia 89887 axis, 3, telkomsel, indosat, xl axiata italy 4880804 wind 3424486444 vodafone » see sms short codes for other countries close confirmation close   close close buy now close buy now hmm... something went wrong. please try again. next tweet from userpurdue university - giving form
 campaign ways to give events impact volunteer connect purdueconnect the campaign for purdue university purdueconnect   go search restricted to frame supporting browsers give now campaign ways to give events impact volunteer connect   go search restricted to frame supporting browsers make a gift {1} ##loc[ok]## {1} ##loc[ok]## ##loc[cancel]## {1} ##loc[ok]## ##loc[cancel]## gift details » billing » review » finish gift details donation amount $ which fund would you like to support? selected designations name amount percentage computer science excellence fund $ other $ total: $0.00 0% × additional gift funds use the search bar to the right to quickly find your fund, or scroll through the list below. don't see your fund? click "other" at the end of the list below. you'll be prompted to specify the name of the fund after you click continue. presidential initiatives the fund for purdue the purdue scholarship fund schools and colleges college of agriculture agriculture and life sciences building area of greatest need in the college of agriculture college of agriculture study abroad scholarships david petritz endowment for extension department of agricultural economics purdue improved crop storage (pics) college of education area of greatest need (college of education) college of education scholarships college of education study abroad gift fund jerry ross children’s book project college of engineering area of greatest need in the college of engineering college of engineering graduate fellowships college of engineering strategic plan initiatives college of engineering undergraduate scholarships engineering office of professional practice (formerly co-op) engineering professional education epics program global engineering program innovation design center (student project facility) james michael wedge memorial scholarship endowment minority engineering program office of future engineers women in engineering program college of health and human sciences area of greatest need (college of health and human sciences) college of health and human sciences scholarship college of health and human sciences study abroad dean's innovation fund (hhs) department of consumer science department of health and kinesiology department of human development and family studies department of nutrition science department of psychological sciences department of speech language and hearing sciences pals-purdue athletes life success program school of health sciences school of hospitality and tourism management school of nursing college of liberal arts area of greatest need english area of greatest need history area of greatest need languages and cultures area of greatest need philosophy area of greatest need political science area of greatest need purdue liberal arts area of greatest need sociology area of greatest need visual and performing arts brian lamb school of communication department of anthropology purdue galleries purdue theatre guild school of interdisciplinary studies college of pharmacy area of greatest need college of pharmacy department of industrial and physical pharmacy department of medicinal chemistry and molecular pharmacology department of pharmacy practice kenya tumaini children's center nuclear pharmacy programs pacesetter endowment for pharmacy pharmacy class of 2015 gift fund pharmacy multicultural programs pharmacy practice kenya initiative professional program scholarships college of science actuarial science biological sciences excellence fund chemistry excellence fund college of science outreach computer science excellence fund earth atmospheric and planetary sciences excellence fund lilly-purdue alumni scholarship mathematics excellence fund multicultural science programs physics and astronomy excellence fund science dean's innovation fund science scholarships science women for purdue university statistics excellence fund the ross reserve fund women in science college of veterinary medicine area of greatest need (pvm) diversity and inclusion fund (pvm) dvm and vet tech scholarships financial assistance for pet owners pvm in memoriam program regional equine diagnostic and surgical center transitional cell carcinoma - bladder cancer research veterinary teaching hospital division of construction engineering and management division of environmental and ecological engineering graduate school pulse gift fund honors college area of greatest need (honors college) honors college and residences fund honors college interdisciplinary fund honors college scholarship fund honors college student leadership fund jane beering scholarship krannert school of management area of greatest need in the krannert school of management business opportunity program (bop) in the krannert school of management entrepreneurship bootcamp for veterans with disabilities in the krannert school of management international activities support in krannert school of management krannert school of management faculty support krannert school of management scholarships lyles school of civil engineering area of greatest need in the lyles school of civil engineering lyles school of civil engineering excel fund lyles school of civil engineering scholarship fund purdue polytechnic (formerly college of technology) area of greatest need in purdue polytechnic (formerly college of technology) college of technology at anderson college of technology at columbus college of technology at kokomo college of technology at lafayette college of technology at new albany college of technology at richmond college of technology at south bend college of technology at vincennes college of technology minority programs department of aviation technology department of computer and information technology department of computer graphics technology department of technology leadership and innovation polytechnic awards and scholarships school of construction management technology school of engineering technology (met/eet/mfget) school of aeronautics and astronautics aae student support aeronautics and astronautics - publications and research administrative costs aeronautics and astronautics strategic needs aeronautics and astronautics student organizations program development school of chemical engineering area of greatest need in the school of chemical engineering chemical engineering-faculty start-up fund the robert a. greenkorn endowment school of electrical and computer engineering area of greatest need in the school of electrical & computer engineering ece facilities and equipment ece faculty award ece student support school of engineering education area of greatest need in the school of engineering education engineering education doctoral program engineering education-inspire engineering education-interdisciplinary/multidisciplinary engineering first year engineering gifts first-year engineering kamyar haghighi and atossa rahmanifar endowment-vision in engineering education school of industrial engineering school of materials engineering area of greatest need in the school of materials engineering materials engineering laboratory upgrade materials engineering study abroad gifts student travel materials engineering school of mechanical engineering area of greatest need in the school of mechanical engineering me facilities fund me faculty development and assistance me graduate fellowships me undergraduate scholarships school of nuclear engineering weldon school of biomedical engineering area of greatest need in the weldon school of biomedical engineering weldon innovation fund weldon school senior scholarship university-wide convocations discovery park boilermaker health innovations division of diversity and inclusion area of greatest need (division of diversity and inclusion) black cultural center (bcc) diversity resource office-diversikey program latino cultural center (lcc) lgbtq general gift fund native american educational and cultural center (naecc) purdue lgbtq fund science bound program emergency gift fund-dean of students global affairs global affairs initiatives international student integration policy research and connections policy scholar internships study abroad scholarships intercollegiate athletics (john purdue club) john purdue club john purdue club athletic scholarships mackey arena complex international programs india initiative international programs gift fund * study abroad programs exchange fund purdue alumni association purdue alumni association gift fund purdue alumni association-sustaining life program purdue alumni clubs scholarship endowment purdue band & orchestra alumni organization purdue black alumni organization purdue calumet alumni association purdue grand prix alumni organization purdue latino alumni organization purdue north central alumni association purdue alumni club scholarships purdue club of atlanta scholarship purdue club of bartholomew county scholarship purdue club of boston scholarship purdue club of carroll county scholarship purdue club of cass county scholarship purdue club of central iowa scholarship purdue club of central ohio scholarship purdue club of chicago scholarship purdue club of cincinnati scholarship purdue club of cleveland scholarship purdue club of clinton county scholarship purdue club of colorado scholarship purdue club of connecticut scholarship purdue club of dallas-ft. worth freshman scholarship purdue club of dallas-ft. worth returning student scholarship purdue club of dayton scholarship purdue club of dubois county scholarship purdue club of east tennessee scholarship purdue club of elkhart county scholarship purdue club of evansville scholarship purdue club of falls cities scholarship purdue club of ft. wayne scholarships purdue club of hendricks county scholarship purdue club of houston scholarship purdue club of indianapolis scholarship purdue club of jackson county scholarship purdue club of jacksonville scholarship purdue club of kansas city scholarship purdue club of las vegas scholarship purdue club of lehigh valley scholarship purdue club of lincoln hills scholarship purdue club of los angeles and orange county scholarship purdue club of memphis scholarship purdue club of mid-michigan scholarship purdue club of milwaukee scholarship purdue club of nashville scholarship purdue club of new jersey scholarship purdue club of new york city scholarship purdue club of north/northwest chicago suburbs scholarship purdue club of northwest indiana scholarship purdue club of omaha scholarship purdue club of oregon-sw washington scholarship purdue club of owen county scholarship purdue club of peoria scholarship purdue club of philadelphia scholarship purdue club of phoenix scholarship purdue club of puget sound scholarship purdue club of san antonio scholarship purdue club of san diego scholarship purdue club of san francisco scholarship purdue club of sarasota scholarship purdue club of south florida scholarship purdue club of southeast michigan scholarship purdue club of southern arizona scholarship purdue club of southwest florida scholarship purdue club of southwest michigan scholarship purdue club of st. joseph valley scholarship purdue club of st. louis scholarship purdue club of tampa bay scholarship purdue club of tippecanoe county scholarship purdue club of twin cities scholarship purdue club of upstate sc scholarship purdue club of washington dc scholarship purdue bands and orchestras "all-american" marching band gift fund area of greatest need bands and orchestras bands and orchestras scholarship fund bands and orchestras travel endowment concert band gift fund golden silks color guard jazz band gift fund orchestra gift fund purdue golduster dance team purdue twirlers purdue crew club (annual fund) purdue libraries area of greatest need (purdue libraries) purdue university press purdue musical organizations all campus & community chorale area of greatest need pmo heart & soul pmo scholarship fund pmo travel fund purdue bells purdue varsity glee club purduettes university choir purdue parents fund purdue university center for cancer research boilermaker health innovations cancer center challenge innovative research fund jordan-rieger fund for pancreatic cancer research endowment purdue center for cancer research - prostate discovery group tim's twigs - strategic research initiatives vision of hope fund for research in women's cancers endowment students with disabilities university residences gift fund harrison 50th anniversary leadership fund wbaa radio military programs air force rotc mallett army rotc mallett fund entrepreneurship bootcamp for veterans with disabilities in the krannert school of management military families research institute gift fund navy rotc mallett fund veteran student success regional campuses iu purdue fort wayne ipfw area of greatest need * ipfw general scholarship fund purdue university calumet purdue calumet - $70 for our 70th anniversary fund purdue calumet athletic department gift fund purdue calumet chancellor's scholars endowment purdue calumet chancellor's strategic development fund purdue calumet college of business purdue calumet college of business dean's scholarship purdue calumet college of education purdue calumet college of education scholarship purdue calumet college of engineering math and science purdue calumet college of engineering math and science scholarship purdue calumet college of liberal arts and social sciences purdue calumet college of liberal arts and social sciences scholarship purdue calumet college of nursing next 50 fund purdue calumet college of nursing scholarship purdue calumet college of technology purdue calumet college of technology scholarship purdue calumet library gifts purdue calumet scholarship purdue university north central purdue north central area of greatest need purdue north central bankoff endowment for the forum purdue north central campus purdue north central career services purdue north central college bound endowment fund purdue north central college of business purdue north central college of engineering and technology gift fund purdue north central college of liberal arts gift fund purdue north central college of science purdue north central education gift fund purdue north central endowment for the college of science interdisciplinary research center purdue north central general scholarship fund purdue north central library/av gift fund purdue north central math restricted gift purdue north central nursing purdue north central odyssey sculpture and arts programs purdue north central scholarships purdue north central student services and activities complex other designations other no matches were found. close if you selected other in the list of additional funds please specify your gift designation below: make my gift: one-time donation create an automatic recurring credit card payment schedule scheduled payments first payment: (charged today) $ 0.00 remaining payments: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 of $ 0.00 $ 0.00 remaining payments 0 $ 0.00 total amount: $ 0.00 billing for subsequent payments will occur annually on the 1st of the month. 1st day of month  x monthly quarterly twice a year yearly the remaining payments will be placed between: notify me    days before my card will be charged. email address to notify/remind:  create a sustaining donation perpetual giving note: the first payment will be charged today. frequency of gift: 1st day of month x monthly quarterly twice a year yearly the next payment will be placed on: notify me    days before my card will be charged. email address to notify/remind: your information tell us a little about you.   first name: last name: select your relationship(s) with purdue: (check all that apply) alumnus/alumna faculty/staff/retiree parent student friend year first graduated: primary email: (an official tax receipt will be sent to this email address): area code: phone: additional gift information please use the icon to the right to view each option. employer matching gift some companies will double or triple your gift! click here to see if your employer participates in a matching gift program. my employer (or my spouse's/partner's employer) will match my gift. employer name: in memory/honor of my gift is: please choose in honor of someone special in memory of someone special paying on behalf of someone person you are paying tribute to: if you would like to notify someone of your gift, please provide their name and address below (gift amount will not be included.) special instructions: 
 you've now completed your gift details and will be directed to our credit card processor. please click 'next' to continue. please wait... give now campaign ways to give events impact volunteer connect about us log in campus map careers directory contact us © copyright purdue university 2015       the purdue research foundation is an independent organization that acts for the benefit of purdue university. private giving supports purdue in its mission to deliver higher education at the highest proven value. purdue has 501(c)(3) non-profit tax exempt status; our federal tax id number is 35-6002041. back to toppurdue university :: computer science :: news < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan news cs_49000 codecon faculty for the future pdogopportunity first in the field leecongdon tunr tapia conference naipc 2015 videos never ending learning solving large sparse linear systems: the exascale challenge exponential change: challenges and opportunities adventures in computer science all cs videos elisabertino_award sonia fahmy university scholar software engineering track ethan colombana memorial meet mathias payer ashish kundu master inventor 2014 dan goldwasser gracehopper2014 hackathon2014 meet tiark rompf facebook academy online course robo rally 2015 hambrusch cra memorial service for alberto apostolico six new faculty cs1802015 bestpapernitarotaru nsf fellowship softwareengineeringstudentssummer2015 artcollection2016 szpankowski_bementaward facebook academy 2015 boilermake2015 best paper acm ccs 2015 gracehopper2015 acmprogramming2015 b01lers ctf snatches victory testoftime_atallah ieee nfv-sdn best paper software engineering senior project f2015 szpankowski named distinguished professor whatsupdoc windward codewars 2016 learning community award 2016 barenboim ai's 10 to watch gleich sloan research fellow symantec graduate fellowship ndss best paper pengsiu_mei magic atallah_sigma xi software engineering senior spring 16 walid 10-year best paper pothen parallel computing center computer science news cs grad students and advisor earn best paper 8/31/2016 samuel jero, hyojeong lee, and cristina nita-rotaru earned best paper award this summer at the 45th ieee/ifip international conference on dependable systems and networks (dsn) in rio de janeiro. prof. pothen's research team to solve large-scale network problems 8/25/2016 the team has been selected for funding for two years as a parallel computing center by intel corp. to design new algorithms and software for massive networks. prof. walid aref wins vldb 10-year best paper award 7/26/2016 a cornerstone achievement in his career – earning the very large data bases (vldb) 10-year best paper award for the enduring legacy of a paper he published in 2006. new faculty member, ribeiro, wins acm sigmetrics best paper award 7/12/2016 new faculty member, ribeiro, wins acm sigmetrics best paper award. science magazine features prof. gleich's research 7/8/2016 prof. gleich collaboration with stanford finds new way to analyze and control networks. building projects, building teams, building character 5/3/2016 students of cs 49000-sep (software engineering senior project), who work in synergistic teams for an entire semester to design and develop apps or products with the potential to improve society and to enhance the quality of life. cos names gustavo rodriguez-rivera top undergraduate teacher 4/29/2016 gustavo rodriguez-rivera was named top undergraduate teacher in the school of science – selected by college of science students and awarded by the purdue science student council for 2015-2016. distinguished prof. atallah wins sigma xi research award 4/25/2016 distinguished professor mikhail atallah has been recognized among the elite – winning the purdue sigma xi scientific research award. tides foundation makes magic happen for girls in cs 4/20/2016 young women aspiring to become the next generation of computer scientists will get a boost, thanks to a generous gift from the google inc. fund of tides foundation in support of mentors for aspiring girls in computing (magic). it’s no accident - peng-siu mei named distinguished alumnus 2016 4/15/2016 peng-siu mei was presented with the cs department’s highest award and named distinguished alumnus of 2016, during a reception held at the lawson computer science building on friday (april15). cs researchers win best paper award at acm codaspy 2016 3/30/2016 cs researchers win best paper award at acm codaspy 2016 researchers from the purdue computer science department, institute for infocomm research and samsung research america won the best paper award at the 6th acm conference on data and application security and privacy conference, recently held in new orleans, la. cs researchers' paper on apt defense won ndss'16 distinguished paper award 3/8/2016 researchers from the purdue computer science department won the distinguished paper award at the network and distributed system security symposium 2016 (ndss'16). brendan saltaformaggio wins symantec graduate fellowship 2/29/2016 cs phd student, brendan saltaformaggio has been recognized for his innovative research, winning the symantec research labs graduate fellowship for 2016. he is one of only two graduate students to receive the award this year. new professional master’s degree in information security 2/26/2016 new professional master’s degree in information security prof. gleich named sloan research fellow for 2016 2/23/2016 the alfred p. sloan foundation names david gleich as one of the 126 “early career scientists of outstanding promise” for 2016. as one of this year’s recipients of the sloan research fellowship, gleich is recognized for distinguished performance in his research and for his unique potential to make substantial contributions to his field. prof. bareinboim named ieee ai's 10 to watch 2/22/2016 prof. bareinboim’s work is credited with being the first to formalize and systematize the data-fusion problem. cs professor, instructors earn learning community student support award 2/15/2016 student success at purdue selected professor h.e. (buster) dunsmore, vicki gilbert, faith giordano, kevin jones, desiree marmon, scott nelson, and elizabeth watts as recipients of the 2015-16 learning community student support award for computer science and computer science-bridge learning communities. it’s a code world, after all 2/12/2016 on saturday, february 6, teams from top universities competed for eight hours to analyze a problem, write the best ai using python, java, or c#, create a solution, test it against the entries of the other programming experts, then try to earn the highest score to win a prize. cs phd students know what’s up 2/4/2016 cs phd students know what’s up pranjal daga and suyash gupta (cs phd students) took top honors at boston hacks competition for their project whatsupdoc, during a hackathon held at boston university. cs professors awarded outstanding paper at acsac 12/21/2015 professor mikhail atallah and professor eugene spafford (executive director of cerias), mohammed almeshekah (recent phd graduate), and christopher gutierrez (graduate student) were awarded the outstanding paper award at the 31st annual computer security applications conference (acsac). purdue trustees name szpankowski distinguished professor 12/21/2015 wojciech szpankowski, the saul rosen professor of computer science was named distinguished professor by the purdue board of trustees on saturday (dec. 19). cs students demonstrate app-titude in software engineering 12/16/2015 the students of professor h.e. (buster) dunsmore’s cs 49000-sep (software engineering senior project) course have finished the fall 2015 semester proving their prowess – creating apps and projects with the potential to improve and enhance the quality of life. bhargava’s team earns best paper at dncms 12/8/2015 professor bharat bhargava and his graduate students pelin angin and rohit ranchal, along with sunil lingayat (northrop grumman) were recently awarded best paper at dncms. cs researchers awarded best paper at ieee nfv-sdn 12/7/2015 researchers from the purdue computer science department, hewlett-packard labs and hewlett-packard enterprise were awarded "best paper" at the first ieee conference on network function virtualization and software defined networks (ieee nfv-sdn) professor atallah’s work stands the test of time 12/1/2015 mikhail atallah, distinguished professor of computer science, was awarded the 2015 acm ccs test of time award for his paper published 10 years ago in the acm’s conference on computer and communications security (ccs). cs alumnus among computerworld’s top 100 leaders 11/30/2015 cs alumnus snehal antani (bs 2002) has been named one of idg computerworld’s premier 100 technology leaders of 2016. b01lers ctf snatches victory 11/30/2015 capture the flag (ctf) team smashed the competition – earning a first and second place in the “build it break it” security-oriented programming competition sponsored by the university of maryland. students head south to compete in acm regionals 10/30/2015 coach gustavo rodriguez-rivera (cs continuing lecturer) will lead the fifteen students off to battle, as they commence to wage war with other university students, in hopes of seizing the top spot in the programming contest. cs women leave grace hopper inspired, ready to lead 10/26/2015 the cs department ushered 35 female students, faculty and staff to the world’s largest gathering of women in computing at the annual grace hopper convention (ghc). purdue researchers win best paper award at acm ccs 2015 10/22/2015 researchers from the purdue computer science department won the best paper award at the 22nd acm conference on computer and communications security (ccs'15), a top-tier cyber-security conference. cs students bring it to boilermake hacking competition 10/16/2015 six hundred student hackers will converge on purdue university’s campus to compete for prizes and the attention of top technology companies during the annual boilermake competition friday and saturday (oct. 16-18) at the france a. cordova recreational sports center. teams of up to four students create products or programs entirely from scratch during the 36-hour programming and innovation competition. cs grad student, professors earn best paper award at prestigious acm bioinformatics conference 10/15/2015 asish ghoshal, a graduate student in computer science and professors ananth grama (computer science), saurabh bagchi (electrical and computer engineering), and somali chaterji (computer science) took top honors with their paper “an ensemble svm model for the accurate prediction of non-canonical microrna targets” at the 2015 acm conference on bioinformatics, computational biology, and health informatics (acm-bcb) held in atlanta, september 9-12. about face! cs students report for duty to facebook open academy 10/15/2015 this semester, cs students are taking part in the facebook open academy – a creative and innovative program that allows undergraduates to contribute to open source projects and get credits from their contributions. new art exhibit explores the ‘intersection of art and science’ 10/7/2015 purdue’s department of computer science presents a new two-year art exhibit: the intersection of art and science. the collection is open to the public, and there will be a reception at 5:30 p.m. on thursday (oct. 8) on the third floor of lawson computer science building. cs prof. wins two awards from nsf’s $74.5 million for interdisciplinary cybersecurity research 10/7/2015 the national science foundation (nsf) has awarded more than $74.5 million in new research grants through the nsf secure and trustworthy cyberspace (satc) program in its efforts to help secure cyberspace. cs honors three outstanding alumni of 2015 9/25/2015 faculty, students, staff and friends of the department gathered to celebrate the achievements of hoi chang, rahul chari, and michael stoppelman, who were recognized in a ceremony held friday, september 25 in the richard and patricia lawson computer science building. professor szpankowski honored with purdue's inaugural 2015 arden l. bement jr. award 9/24/2015 wojciech szpankowski, the saul rosen professor of computer science, has been selected as the recipient of the inaugural 2015 arden l. bement jr. award. one of purdue university's top three awards for research, the bement award recognizes distinguished research in pure and applied science and engineering. the intersection of art and science 9/21/2015 for the next two years, the cs department will be home for the “intersection of art and science” merging reason and emotion through math and computational thinking. software engineering students, amazing app creators 9/3/2015 students in professor h.e. (buster) dunsmore’s class spent their summer creating apps with the potential to enhance life for college students and improve options for consumers. cs grad student selected for nsf fellowship 8/31/2015 cs graduate student, dan andersen has been selected to participate in the nsf graduate research fellowship. purdue cs reaches out to indiana high school students 8/25/2015 for the second year, the purdue department of computer science is offering a free, online course for indiana high school students. purdue cs welcomes six new faculty members 8/18/2015 the cs department welcomes six new assistant professors: elias bareinboim, aniket kate, bruno ribeiro, hemanta maji, jean honorio, and jeremiah blocki. all of the professors will be joining the faculty in the fall of 2015, except jeremiah blocki, who will be joining the faculty in the fall of 2016. memorial service set for former cs professor alberto apostolico 8/10/2015 alberto apostolico, former purdue cs faculty member passed away on july 20 in his native country of italy. cra names susanne hambrusch vice chair 6/29/2015 purdue professor of computer science, susanne hambrusch has been elected as vice chair of the computing research association (cra) and will begin her two-year term july 1, 2015. cs students seek adventures in computer science 6/16/2015 steve hassenplug brought his 20,000-piece lego robotics game to the lawson commons and transformed the area into an arena of competing (sometimes fighting) robots, all directed by the young students who gained “hands-on” experience in computer programming. cs students, professor take top honors at cerias symposium 5/26/2015 pelin angin, rohit ranchal, and denis a. ulybyshev earned first place at the 16th annual cerias security symposium this march. the students poster, under the direction of cs professor bharat bhargava, “pd3: policy–based distributed data dissemination was selected by corporate partners of cerias security center. cs student awarded faculty for the future 5/15/2015 cs graduate research student shagufta mehnaz is among the elite selected to participate in the faculty for the future fellowship awarded by the schlumberger foundation. cs boilermakers become software creators 5/11/2015 cs boilermakers become software creators what would it be like to create an app that would improve lives and bring people together? what if you could create a navigation app that provides up-to-date traffic information to ease your travel? or, what if you could create an app to help you find a partner who would join you at the gym? how about creating an app that brings groups of people together, who share common hobbies and interests, like sports, or gaming? the students of cs 49000-sep, also known as the software engineering senior project have done exactly that. each team has spent the entire semester developing an idea – from start to finish – to see their projects come to life. enrollment explosion leads to first ta for senior projects 5/11/2015 this semester broke enrollment records, growing to 61 students who formed 15 teams in the class. already, 59 students are registered for fall 2015. purdue cs students head to nyc for codecon finals 4/30/2015 codecon – a programming contest sponsored by bloomberg on friday (may 1) in new york city. the cs team of logan gore, aaron dierking, and yao xiao competed against ten other universities to win a spot at the final codecon championship. opportunity knocks for cs at purdue day of giving 4/28/2015 cs students, faculty and staff are invited to attend an array of festivities to celebrate the second purdue day of giving, the university’s annual 24-hour, online fundraising event, on wednesday (april 29). cs student gets in tune with the future 4/23/2015 hayden mcafee, a senior in purdue's department of computer science has launched tunr – a new, cloud music service that allows users to maintain ownership of their own music library and also enjoy the flexibility of a cloud-streaming service. hat’s off to lee congdon—2015 cs distinguished alumnus 4/17/2015 cs presented lee congdon with the department’s highest award – naming him distinguished alumnus of 2015, during a reception held at the lawson computer science building on friday (april 17). computer science celebrates a history of firsts 4/15/2015 friends and faculty of purdue computer science gathered for a special event – first in the field exhibit and book dedication - held at the virginia kelly karnes archives and special collections research center in the humanities, social science and education library (hsse) on monday (april 13). cs student steve mussman wins prestigious g.a. ross award 4/8/2015 the cs department of statistics congratulates steve mussman – winner of this year’s g.a. ross award. cs students take 20 at north american invitational contest 3/30/2015 team members wei kong, chengyuan lin, and zhaosen wang earned 20th place in the invitational competition, correctly solving three of the eleven problems and earning purdue an honorable mention. cs students strive for world finals at naipc 3/27/2015 cs students will be among the elite who compete at the north american invitational programming contest (naipc) the largest and oldest programming contest in the world saturday, march 28. cs associate professor earns cos 2014 research award 3/23/2015 jennifer neville, associate professor of computer science, was selected as one of three recipients to receive the 2014 college of science research award. tipping the scales – cs puts weight behind diversity efforts 3/10/2015 news summary acm sigbots host regional qualifications 2/13/2015 the acm sigbots club will be hosting five universities for the purdue winter vortex regional qualifier for the vex robotics league this saturday (feb. 14) in the lawson computer science building commons. cs remembers ethan colombana 2/5/2015 ethan colombana was a junior in the process of change of degree objective (codo) into the department of computer science, when he died unexpectedly on january 4 from a seizure and a previously undiagnosed heart condition. he was 21. cs students become inventors of real-world software apps 1/16/2015 cs seniors in the software engineering track get more than an education – they become inventors of real-world software applications with major potential for global impact. it’s a code, code world 1/15/2015 purdue students will wage their own battles in a virtual gridiron—part of the windward code war 2014 programming championship. cs phd student takes 3rd place at supercomputing conference 12/3/2014 cs phd student ariful khan earned third place at the supercomputing 2014 conference (sc14) – one of the top-tier international conferences for high performance computing in new orleans, louisiana. professor sonia fahmy named university faculty scholar 12/2/2014 professor fahmy was one of four individuals selected by the college of science for this notable distinction. her colleagues include: tong liu, associate professor of mathematics; chengde mao, professor of chemistry; and qianlai zhuang, professor of earth, atmospheric, and planetary sciences. cs professor creates technology to “c” the future 11/25/2014 daniel aliaga is helping develop a new technology that allows people to view digital content on tablets, smartphones and laptops with greater clarity – eliminating the need for corrective eyewear. cs diamond shines bright as ibm master inventor 2014 11/25/2014 ashish kundu (phd 2010) left purdue and took the business world by storm, demonstrating early success with the award of ibm master inventor – a title shared among an elite group of individuals. elisa bertino receives the acm sigsac outstanding contributions award 11/20/2014 elisa bertino has received the acm sigsac outstanding contributions award for her seminal research contributions and leadership in data and applications security over the past 25 years. cs welcomes tiark rompf 10/29/2014 tiark rompf is interested in all aspects of programming, in particular programming languages, parallelism and compilers, with a focus on making very high-level programming abstractions more efficient. cs students enlist: facebook open academy 10/24/2014 six cs students traveled to facebook headquarters in menlo park, ca., where they gathered for a weekend of learning and hacking cs welcomes dan goldwasser 10/23/2014 dan previously conducted his postdoctoral research at the university of maryland in college park. dan completed his ph.d. studies at the university of illinois at urbana-champaign in the department of computer science. cs welcomes mathias payer 10/22/2014 joining purdue cs as a new assistant professor this fall, mathias payer defines himself as a security nerd. mathias' interests are related to mathias payer system security, binary exploitation,software-based fault isolation, binary translation, and (application) virtualization. cs students storm grace hopper conference 10/14/2014 cs department sent an entourage of twenty-seven to attend the grace hopper conference (ghc) – the world’s largest technical conference for women in computing. hack-a-thon 2014: cs students boilermake it 10/13/2014 this past weekend, 150 purdue students and 350 students from colleges around the u.s. and canada camped out in lambert fieldhouse for 36 hours, showcasing their computer coding skills. good things come in threes: cs recognizes outstanding alumni 10/10/2014 friday, october 10, the department of computer science held a ceremony held in the richard and patricia lawson computer science building to recognize the outstanding alumni of 2014. inspiration the mother of invention for cs students boilerlabs app 9/24/2014 five purdue computer science classmates in cs 307 (taught by professor dunsmore) formed a team and created an application – boilerlabs – that has transformed the way students are able to find computer lab space on the west lafayette campus. cs students win best student paper at usenix security symposium 8/26/2014 purdue cs researchers won the best student paper award at the 23rd usenix security symposium, a top-tier computer systems security conference. the paper, "dscrete: automatic rendering of forensic information from memory images via application logic reuse," was co-authored by ph.d. students brendan saltaformaggio and zhongshu gu, with cs professors xiangyu zhang and dongyan xu. cs moves forward, announces three new faculty 8/21/2014 the expansion of purdue computer science has begun, as the department has hired three new assistant professors who will begin teaching this fall – mathias payer, dan goldwasser and tiark rompf. purdue students on the fast track to success 8/21/2014 wo purdue students who pioneered a new software business, sensorhound innovations llc – a high-tech startup based in the purdue research park - have been chosen to participate in the next class of the alchemist accelerator's iot track national science foundation sponsors big data computing workshop 8/20/2014 purdue will host a workshop sponsored by the national science foundation to improve skills in working with big data using hadoop, spark and urika for data processing and analysis. cs dept. offers first, free online course 8/7/2014 purdue computer science department, indiana high school students will have the opportunity to take a free, online, non-credit course memories and mastadons 7/11/2014 news summary two cs faculty earn promotions 7/2/2014 associate professor ninghui li was promoted to full professor and assistant professor xavier tricoche was promoted to associate professor with tenure. classic cars and classical graph algorithms 6/24/2014 this news release is a reproduction of an article that appears in pnnl, describing how one former professor's online search for an efficient way to judge classic jaguars led him to dr. mahantesh halappanavar (former student of alex pothen) a scientist with pacific northwest national laboratory's high performance computing group, whose research involving graph matching and coloring algorithms proved to be an opportune and novel matchup between classic cars and classical graph theory. robo rally packs a punch at cs summer camp 6/18/2014 middle school students participated in super robo rally today (june 18), part of a week of events hosted by purdue computer science k-12 outreach. steve hassenplug brought his 20,000 piece lego robotics game to the lawson commons building and transformed the area into an arena of competing (sometimes fighting) robots, all directed by the young students who gained “hands-on” experience in computer programming. outstanding new learning community award goes to purdue cs team 5/23/2014 the outstanding new learning community award was given to the purdue cs team recognizes an instructor team(s) who excelled in the design and execution of a first-time community and demonstrated a commitment to the vision and mission of the program. purdue computer science hosts midwest theory day 5/15/2014 the purdue department of computer science recently hosted the 65th midwest theory day at the richard and patricia lawson computer science building. undergraduate student board expands cs helproom services 5/12/2014 cs undergraduate student board (usb) were granted approval to expand the usb helproom, a weekly tutoring program created to assist students with cs course work. purdue cs student honored for teaching excellence 5/7/2014 news summary former cs student earns karl v. karlstrom outstanding educator award 4/23/2014 susan h. rodger has been recognized for contributions to the teaching of computer science theory in higher education, and the development of computer science education in primary and secondary schools. back home again with distinction 4/11/2014 originally from fort wayne, anne’s thirty-year career in the computer industry led her around the nation, as she and her husband tom (a graduate from the college of technology ‘71) put down roots in illinois, minnesota, tennessee, and new jersey where their daughter christina was born (also a proud boilermaker and 2006 graduate from the college of liberal arts) before settling in her current home of california. cs professor cristina nita-rotaru earns cos research award 3/28/2014 college of science honored three researchers thursday (march 27) with the 2013 college of science research award, during a formal ceremony in the richard and patricia lawson computer science building. it’s a ‘toss-up’ for cs students in vex robotics competition 3/27/2014 the acm sigbots club at purdue will be competing in the vex robotics competition with college and university students across the globe this saturday (march 29) in the lawson computer science building. cs professor awarded 2.5 million from european research council 3/13/2014 patrick eugster, associate professor of computer science, was awarded a $2.5 million grant from the european research council (erc) to benefit his two main areas of research, distributed systems and programming languages. cs student’s research nets microsoft trustworthy computing reliability award 3/3/2014 the research done by rahul potharaju, a phd candidate at purdue’s department of computer science, during his internship at microsoft research has been awarded the microsoft trustworthy computing reliability award for 2013. 2014 cs track fair 2/28/2014 2014 cs track fair, wednesday, march 5, at 5:30 pm in lwsn 1142. cs student’s research leads to technology adopted by microsoft 2/24/2014 rahul potharaju, phd student in the department of computer science made a discovery during a summer internship with microsoft research which led to insights currently being leveraged to improve reliability across microsoft data centers. state farm gift to cs benefits k-12 outreach 2/21/2014 state farm announced today (friday, 2/21) a $50,000 gift to the department of computer science which benefits k-12 outreach programs. military kids explore the world of computer science 2/19/2014 purdue computer science outreach and the indiana 4-h youth development's operation joined forces to host operation: military kids (omk)—a fun and educational day of computer programming and application development. boilermake it or break it - cs students dominate event 2/19/2014 400 computer programmers from 17 universities turned back to their laptops and got to work within the feature gymnasium of the france a. boilermake teams gathered the weekend – feb. 7 to 9 to create a new, interesting and marketable hack. purdue teams place nationally in code wars 2/3/2014 two purdue teams placed in the grand finals of the third annual windward international collegiate programming finals aka codewars cs professors, engineering students sense the future with new business 1/24/2014 sensors are practically everywhere and in nearly everything in our physical environment, from kitchen appliances to health care devices, power meters, or industrial production plants. cs department's cristina nita-rotaru wins college of science research award 12/9/2013 congratulations to cristina nita-rotaru, who has been selected as one this year’s winners of the college of science research award. xiangyu zhang named university faculty scholar 12/9/2013 news summary 2011 news 12/9/2013 2011 news 2001 news 12/9/2013 2001 news 2002 news 12/9/2013 2002 news 2003 news 12/9/2013 2003 news 2004 news 12/9/2013 2004 news 2005 news 12/9/2013 2005 news 2006 news 12/9/2013 2006 news 2007 news 12/9/2013 2007 news 2008 news 12/9/2013 2008 news 2009 news 12/9/2013 2009 news 2010 news 12/9/2013 2010 news conte distinguished lecture series begins -- new mining techniques explored and excavated 10/25/2013 paul m. van dooren gives the first 2013-14 samuel d. conte distinguished lecture computer science professors from purdue lead the organization of the 2013 splash conference in indianapolis 10/25/2013 this year's conference, which focuses on solving problems faced by the software industry, includes ways to improve tools the average person uses daily like smartphones, facebook and google. the conference will run from oct. 26-31 at the hyatt regency in indianapolis. ieee computer society board names elisa bertino editor-in-chief of top international journal 10/25/2013 dr. bertino named to ieee board two computer science graduates recognized "outstanding alumni" for significant contributions 10/25/2013 2013 outstanding alumni announcement young women computer scientists “think big” 10/14/2013 grace hopper conference (ghc), the largest technical conference for women in computing, hosted more than 4000 attendees at the sold-out symposium. sigsoft distinguished paper award 10/8/2013 two faculty members and one graduate student in the department of computer science edged out more than 300 other entries to be recognized by the association for computing machinery special interest group on software engineering (sigsoft) for the distinguished paper award. arxan technologies developed by purdue computer science professors announcement 10/2/2013 arxan, an application security company specializing in software protection, was recently sold to ta associates, one of the largest private equity firms. purdue hacker teams win top prizes at the worlds largest collegiate hack-a-thon 9/24/2013 this past weekend, the purdue hackers club sent 72 students to the university of michigan, ann arbor to compete in what is reported to be the world's largest collegiate hack-a-thon. corporate partners meetings and computer science career fair bring employers, students together 9/23/2013 nearly 500 students from the department of computer science attended the annual computer science career fair held at the newly renovated mackey arena. more than forty corporations attended, including microsoft, intel and twitter, as students anxiously lined up outside of the entrance nearly an hour before the event. dr. sonia fahmy joins cyber center 9/19/2013 dr. sonia fahmy has been appointed scientific director of network systems in the cyber center at purdue's discovery park cisco supports computer science project - a fog architecture 7/18/2013 cisco systems has awarded professor patrick eugster, dr. kirill kogan, and graduate students, chamikara jayalath and julian stephen, a gift in support of the "a fog architecture" project. eugster says, "this work seamlessly generalizes our previous efforts on atmosphere, an approach to apply cloud computing technologies to setups where data is distributed across several datacenters." 2012 news 7/18/2013 2012 news cs faculty, students, and alumni featured in insights 6/20/2013 insights magazine, the flagship publication of the purdue college of science, features coverage of faculty, students, and alumni news from the department of computer science in its spring 2013 edition, just released. fastest campus supercomputer named after founding cs department head 6/20/2013 for the third year in a row, purdue university has confirmed its lead in the rarified realm of supercomputing by unveiling conte, the nation's fastest university-owned supercomputer, developed in a collaboration with hp, intel, and mellanox. cs students compete in international supercomputing challenge 6/10/2013 two computer science undergraduates (sophomore kurt kroeger and senior tyler reid) are part of a purdue student supercomputing team traveling to leipzig, germany for the student competition at the isc supercomputing conference, one of the supercomputing industry's two major annual gatherings. the article "purdue student supercomputing team headed for international competition in germany" by itap science and technology writer greg kline is reprinted in full below. spafford named to epic advisory board 5/20/2013 professor of computer science eugene spafford has been named a 2013 member of the epic advisory board. epic (the electronic privacy information center) is a public interest research center in washington, d.c. it was established in 1994 to focus public attention on emerging civil liberties issues and to protect privacy, the first amendment, and constitutional values. the epic advisory board is a distinguished group of experts in law, technology, and public policy. neville honored with umass alumni award 4/30/2013 assistant professor of computer science and statistics jennifer neville has been honored for outstanding achievement by a young alum by her alma mater, university of massachusetts amherst. meawad receives ceta teaching award 4/23/2013 fadi meawad, a fifth-year ph.d. student in computer science, was selected to receive the committee for the education of teaching assistants (ceta) excellence in teaching award. 2013 computer science distinguished alumnus 4/15/2013 the department of computer science and the college of science recognized the 2013 computer science distinguished alumnus on friday, april 12. alumnus lawrence landweber (m.s. '66, ph.d. '67) was joined by faculty, staff, and students for an awards presentation and reception in celebration of his great achievements. prof. landweber also gave a colloquium ("past is prologue"). the college of science held an awards ceremony later that evening. hosking receives research awards from qualcomm, inc. 4/10/2013 associate professor of computer science antony hosking is the recipient of a sponsored research award from qualcomm, inc. the award amounts to $100,000 per year for two years. cs student project receives entrepreneurship prototyping grant 4/10/2013 sudeep gottipatti and austin loudin, a freshman and a sophomore in computer science respectively, were among those selected to have a project funded by a new grant program for student entrepreneurs at purdue. kihara and vitek named 2013 university faculty scholars 4/10/2013 associate professor of biological sciences and computer science daisuke kihara and associate professor of statistics and computer science olga vitek are two of four purdue university college of science faculty named university faculty scholars for 2013. li and qi receive ibm grant 4/3/2013 two purdue computer science faculty members are the recipients of a research grant from ibm. associate professor ninghui li and assistant professor yuan (alan) qi received this grant for the project analytics for insider threat detection and prevention – for which they are both co-principal investigators. kihara receives nsf grant 3/13/2013 associate professor of biological sciences and computer science daisuke kihara is the recipient of a research grant from the national science foundation. the grant is for an estimated total of $480,195.00 through may 2016. atallah receives outstanding commercialization award 3/7/2013 distinguished professor of computer science mikhail atallah is the recipient of the 2012 outstanding commercialization award for purdue university faculty. this award is presented by purdue research foundation's office of technology commercialization, which supports the economic development initiatives of purdue university. cs faculty and staff honored by college of science 2/22/2013 on thursday, february 21, 2013, the purdue university college of science held its annual faculty and staff awards program, at which several computer science faculty and staff members were recognized. eugster receives google research award 2/22/2013 associate professor of computer science patrick eugster is the recipient of a sponsored research award from google. google research awards are "structured as unrestricted gifts to universities to support the work of world-class full-time faculty members at top universities around the world." eugster's award amounts to $59,000 for one year. cs alumna denning named a 2013 distinguished woman scholar 2/12/2013 dorothy e. denning, a distinguished professor in the department of defense analysis at the naval postgraduate school, has been selected as one of the 2013 distinguished women scholars by purdue university's susan bulkeley butler center for leadership excellence. this recognition celebrates alumnae who have made significant contributions in their academic and professional communities cs students compete in largest ever student-run hackathon 2/5/2013 on friday, february 1, 2013, 53 purdue students travelled to the university of michigan to compete in mhacks 2013. the purdue chapter of the association for computing machinery (acm) coordinated the trip to the event, with help from mhacks and facebook. organized by u-m student groups called michigan hackers and mpowered, mhacks proved to be the largest student-run hackathon ever. (forbes provides further coverage on the event's planning and execution in an article here.) all-freshman team wins purdue code war 1/28/2013 on saturday, january 26, 2013, the second annual windward international collegiate programming finals were held. early in the day, eight teams (19 students total) competed in purdue university's code war competition in the lawson computer science building. the top two purdue teams advanced to the quarter finals of the national code war ph.d student azad receives ibm fellowship 1/15/2013 ph.d. student ariful azad has received a 2013-2014 ibm ph.d. fellowship. according to the award's website, "the ibm ph.d. fellowship awards program is an intensely competitive worldwide program, which honors exceptional ph.d. students who have an interest in solving problems that are important to ibm and fundamental to innovation in many academic disciplines and areas of study." azad's fellowship is effective as of spring 2013 and will continue through spring 2014. cs alumnus kim publishes it novel 1/11/2013 gene kim, a purdue computer science alumnus (b.s. '93), recently co-wrote a book with a release date of january 14, 2013. the phoenix project: a novel about it, devops, and helping your business win, co-authored with kevin behr and george spafford, is a novel chronicling the challenges faced by bill, an it manager at parts unlimited. according to the publisher's webiste, "in a fast-paced and entertaining style, three luminaries of the devops movement deliver a story that anyone who works in it will recognize. readers will not only learn how to improve their own it organizations, they'll never view it the same way again." last updated: nov 25, 2014 9:44 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.welcome to mycs [ log in ] welcome to mycs mycs is your personal portal to the purdue department of computer science. login (upper right corner) to sign agreements computer sciences, 305 n. university street, west lafayette, in 47907 phone: (765) 494-6010, fax: (765) 494-0739, contact us © 2012 purdue university. an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact the webmaster.purdue college of science: purdue university, college of science quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency college of science menu home future students undergraduate dean's message who we are academics admissions careers and internships costs student life at purdue undergraduate curriculum visit our campus star tasks graduate current students undergraduate curriculum and degree requirements star tasks majors minors codo information scholarships learning beyond the classroom study abroad tutoring service/help sessions research majors faqs resources advising seeing a cos advisor walk-in schedule directory handbook international students international registration placement exams opportunities to get involved course selection criteria undergraduate research and poster symposium graduate careers alumni alumni events science recognition science alumni board science women for purdue science dean's club stories of impact give departments biological sciences chemistry computer science earth, atmospheric, and planetary sciences mathematics physics and astronomy statistics research biological sciences chemistry computer science earth, atmospheric, and planetary sciences mathematics department of physics and astronomy statistics outreach about science k-12 outreach teacher professional development long term partnerships student activities announcements & news departmental k-12 outreach and contact information people science administration biological sciences chemistry computer science earth, atmospheric, and planetary sciences mathematics physics and astronomy statistics science it purdue department of chemistry female faculty numbers rank high nationally science news bio alumna brings home the gold chemistry student, faculty member collaborate for new startup company atmospheric science team makes breakthrough in tornado activity behavior, prediction all news giving strategic initiatives future students current students careers science alumni points of pride learning beyond the classroom research and innovation news & publications news and publications insights - current issue summer 2016 e-news science calendar university news service purdue today giving giving to science planned giving diversity diversity programs multicultural science programs women in science programs people faculty & staff resources science administration science it science central employment purdue university college of science, 150 n. university st, west lafayette, in 47907 • phone: (765) 494-1729, fax: (765) 494-1736 student advising office: (765) 494-1771, fax: (765) 496-3015 • science it, (765) 494-4488 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the college of science webmaster.purdue university :: computer science :: keep in touch < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan alumni & friends distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch keep in touch send us your news/update your information if you are a purdue university department of computer science alum and would like to update your information with us or have some news to share, please enter your information below and click submit at the bottom of the form. thanks for taking the time to keep in contact! first name: graduation year: middle initial: major: last name: degree: name while at purdue: company: home address: business title: city: business address: state: city: zip: state: country: zip: home phone: country: personal email: business phone: spouse's name: business email: personal news and notes: share your engagement, marriage, job, award, birth or other news.     last updated: nov 13, 2013 1:39 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: about us < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan about us message from the head conte lecture series awards annual reports strategic plan diversity phd recipients history contact us cs calendars about us message from the head conte lecture series awards annual reports strategic plan diversity phd recipients history contact us calendars for computer science last updated: nov 13, 2014 6:42 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: message from the head < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan about us message from the head conte lecture series awards annual reports strategic plan diversity phd recipients history contact us cs calendars message from the head sunil prabhakar department head email growing, changing, moving forward it’s back to class and we in the department of computer science are back to work. actually, we didn’t take much of a break this summer, as we’ve been planning and preparing for the future at our fingertips – an expansion of nearly 30% for our entire department. this expansion recognizes the growing need for cs graduates and the department’s past success in producing highly qualified graduates who are in hot demand in industry. our students are recruited as early as their sophomore year and by graduation, earn some of the highest starting salaries among purdue graduates. one of the first moves in our overall expansion has already transpired – student growth – as we have increased our enrollment. now, we continue to increase faculty and staff, so that we can maintain low student-to-faculty ratios and accommodate more students. i am pleased to announce we have hired three, outstanding faculty members who began teaching this semester. you can read more about their areas of interest in our latest news section on our homepage. our three new hires were previously planned, and our university-supported expansion will result in an additional 20 faculty members over the next three years. on the academic front, i’m pleased to report that the bridge program, which was created to help students with a high potential for computer science, but little or no programming experience has nearly doubled in enrollment. the instructors have told me that students and parents are already inquiring about next year’s program! i’m excited that our corporate partner’s program continues to grow and diversify with regard to representative industry, including retail, consulting, manufacturing and consumer goods, in addition to our traditional support from tech companies. our corporate friends provide invaluable insight, as we shape our course of study, so that our students are adequately prepared for the workforce. the entrepreneurial spirit continues to thrive among our faculty and students, as well. this year, arxan, a company incubated 10+ years ago at purdue enjoyed tremendous success when ta associates announced a major investment in the fall, then more recent, ibm announced arxan’s mobile application protection offerings would be sold as part of their portfolio of security products. distinguished professor mikhail (mike) atallah; his graduate student, hoi chang; distinguished professor emeritus john rice, and assistant head tim korb co-founded the company and worked together to develop the technology for a business that grew into one of the leading providers of software security solutions. from academia to entrepreneurship – it’s an exciting time for purdue computer science. i am confident that we are poised to be successful in our journey and i look forward to your support as we move in a new direction. sunil prabhakar department head & professor last updated: jun 27, 2016 8:32 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: conte lecture series < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan about us message from the head conte lecture series awards annual reports strategic plan diversity phd recipients history contact us cs calendars samuel d. conte distinguished lecture series samuel d. conte (1917 - 2002) founded the department of computer science at purdue university in 1962. his vision and active involvement nationally and internationally played a vital role in defining the discipline of computer science worldwide. in 1993, the samuel d. conte endowment was established to honor dr. conte and his devotion to excellence in teaching and research in computer science. the samuel d. conte lecture series, sponsored by the endowment, serves as a permanent testimonial of his contributions to the department of computer science, to purdue university, and to the computing field. past lectures: 1994: carl de boor, university of wisconsin 1995: marshall t. rose, first virtual holdings 1996: nancy g. leveson, university of washington 1997: ken kennedy, rice university 2000: james foley, georgia institute of technology 2000: jim kurose, university of massachusetts amherst 2000: nancy lynch, massachusetts institute of technology 2000: jay lepreau, university of utah 2000: pravin varaiya, university of california, berkeley 2001: gene golub, stanford university 2001: george cybenko, dartmouth university 2002: alan frieze, carnegie mellon university 2002: c. w. gear, nec research institute 2002: peter neumann, sri international 2003: barbara ryder, rutgers university 2003: burton smith, cray research 2003: pat hanrahan, stanford university 2003: rakesh agrawal, ibm research - almaden 2004: raj jain, nayna networks 2004: john mitchell, stanford university 2004: thomas hughes, university of texas at austin 2004: ingrid carlbom, bell laboratories 2005: pamela samuelson, university of california, berkeley 2005: greg morrisett, harvard university 2005: ronald rivest, massachusetts institute of technology 2006: david patterson, university of california, berkeley 2006: james demmel, university of california, berkeley 2006: jennifer rexford, princeton university 2006: arnold rosenberg, university of massachusetts amherst 2006: jack dongarra, university of tennesseee 2007: andries van dam, brown university 2007: frances allen, ibm t. j. watson research laboratory 2007: christos faloutsos, carnegie mellon university 2007: robert sedgewick, princeton university 2008: joan feigenbaum, yale university 2008: danny sorensen, rice university 2008: leslie pack kaelbling, massachusetts institute of technology 2008: prabhakar raghavan, yahoo! research 2009: laura haas, ibm research - almaden 2009: alon halevy, google 2009: tayfun tezduyar, rice university 2009: manuela veloso, carnegie mellon university 2009: shafi goldwasser, massachusetts institute of technology 2010: alex aiken, stanford university 2010: robin murphy, texas a&m university 2010: david garlan, carnegie mellon university 2010: fred schneider, cornell university 2011: bruce croft, university of massachusetts amherst 2011: thomas ball, microsoft 2011: david laidlaw, brown university 2012: c. mohan, ibm research - almaden 2012: john hopcroft, cornell university 2012: iain duff, rutherford appleton laboratory & cerfacs 2012: tom mitchell, carnegie mellon university 2013: barbara liskov, massachusetts institute of technology 2013: paul van dooren, catholic university of louvain, belgium 2014: frank tip, university of waterloo, canada last updated: jun 19, 2014 2:05 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: annual reports < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan about us message from the head conte lecture series awards annual reports strategic plan diversity phd recipients history contact us cs calendars the cs annual report archive 2013-2014 2012-2013 2010-2012 2009-2010 2008-2009 2007-2008 2006-2007 2005-2006 2004-2005 2003-2004 2002-2003 2001-2002 1999-2000 last updated: oct 26, 2015 2:35 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: awards by year < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan about us message from the head conte lecture series awards annual reports strategic plan diversity phd recipients history contact us cs calendars awards views by faculty by awarding organization by year awarded in updates & suggestions awards@cs.purdue.edu honors and awards by year this is a listing of significant awards and honors received by purdue cs faculty. listed are those items that are distinctive and based on technical achievement and/or professional service. included items must be decided by peer deliberation; awards decided solely by students (e.g., "top 10 teacher") and best paper awards are not included, nor are awards well outside the mainstream of faculty areas of achievement. 2016  mikhail atallah sigma xi faculty research award 2013  ananth grama american association for the advancement of science mikhail atallah purdue university outstanding commercialization award daisuke kihara university faculty scholar jennifer neville outstanding achievement by a young alum (university of massachusetts amherst) cristina nita-rotaru college of science leadership award olga vitek university faculty scholar dongyan xu college of science leadership award jan vitek college of science leadership award 2012 daniel aliaga college of science diversity award elisa bertino college of science engagement award douglas comer joel and ruth spira excellence in teaching award ahmed elmagarmid fellow of the acm patrick eugster college of science professional achievement award walter gautschi fellow of siam david gleich nsf career award tony hosking acm distinguished scientist suresh jagannathan college of science graduate student mentoring award ninghui li acm distinguished scientist bradley lucier fellow of ams simons fellow jennifer neville nsf career award ahmed sameh fellow of iacm eugene spafford morrill award wojciech szpankowski college of science leadership award xavier tricoche nsf career award dongyan xu purdue university faculty scholar 2011 mikhail atallah purdue research foundation inventors recognition bharat bhargava purdue research foundation inventors recognition chris clifton ieee icdm outstanding service award teaching for tomorrow fellowship patrick eugster alexander von humboldt fellowship christoph m. hoffmann pierre bézier award (siam) charles killian nsf career award ramana kompella nsf career award yuan (alan) qi nsf career award ahmed sameh fellow of siam robert d. skeel fellow of siam eugene h. spafford sans lifetime achievement award worldcomp outstanding achievement award jan vitek purdue university faculty scholar olga vitek nsf career award 2010 ahmed elmagarmid fellow of the ieee 2009 daniel aliaga purdue university undergraduate advising award ahmed elmagarmid acm distinguished scientist greg n. frederickson george pólya award alex pothen distinguished alumnus award, indian institute of technology, delhi (iitd) sunil prabhakar university faculty scholar eugene h. spafford upsilon pi epsilon abacus award cra distinguished service award distinguished fellow of the information systems security association wojciech m. szpankowski humboldt research award 2008 daniel aliaga purdue university engagement award greg n. frederickson book of great teachers christoph m. hoffmann techpoint mira award daisuke kihara seeds of sucess luo si nsf career awards eugene h. spafford fellow of (isc)2 information security secure 7 wojciech m. szpankowski saul rosen professor of computer science 2007 mikhail j. atallah distinguished alumnus award, american university in beirut suresh jagannathan university faculty scholar daisuke kihara seeds of sucess cristina nita-rotaru teaching for tomorrow award yuan (alan) qi a. richard newton breakthrough research award eugene h. spafford acm president's award 2006 mikhail j. atallah fellow of the acm patrick eugster nsf career awards daisuke kihara seeds of sucess cristina nita-rotaru nsf career awards eugene h. spafford acm sigsac "outstanding contribution award" wasserman award wojciech m. szpankowski university of canterbury, new zealand "erskine fellowship" dongyan xu nsf career awards samuel wagstaff department of mathematics, courtesy appointment xiangyu zhang acm sigplan "doctoral dissertation award" 2005 elisa bertino tsutomu kanai award h. e. (buster) dunsmore teaching for tomorrow award daisuke kihara seeds of sucess zhiyuan li university faculty scholar eugene h. spafford ieee computer society technical achievement award honorary d.sc. from suny team award, including chris clifton, ahmed elmagarmid, and sunil prabhakar techpoint mira award 2004 walid g. aref university faculty scholar mikhail j. atallah distinguished professor of computer science fellow of the purdue teaching academy school of electrical and computer engineering, courtesy appointment elisa bertino school of electrical and computer engineering, courtesy appointment douglas e. comer distinguished professor of computer science greg n. frederickson george pólya award susanne hambrusch techpoint mira award ninghui li nsf career award robert d. skeel department of mathematics, courtesy appointment eugene h. spafford acm sigcas "making a difference award" wojciech m. szpankowski fellow of the ieee school of electrical and computer engineering, courtesy appointment 2003 bharat bhargava book of great teachers school of electrical and computer engineering, courtesy appointment elisa bertino fellow of the acm douglas e. comer fellow of the purdue teaching academy school of electrical and computer engineering, courtesy appointment sonia fahmy nsf career award zhiyuan li school of electrical and computer engineering, courtesy appointment eugene h. spafford taylor booth award school of electrical and computer engineering, courtesy appointment department of communication, courtesy appointment dongyan xu school of electrical and computer engineering, courtesy appointment david k. y. yau school of electrical and computer engineering, courtesy appointment 2002 elisa bertino fellow of the ieee ieee computer society technical achievement award walid g. aref university faculty scholar christoph m. hoffmann european academy of sciences suresh jagannathan school of electrical and computer engineering, courtesy appointment eugene h. spafford acm president's award jeffrey s. vitter frederick l. hovde dean of the college of science 2001 walid g. aref nsf career awards buster dunsmore inita outstanding educator walter gautschi member of bavarian academy of sciences and humanities member of turin academy of sciences eugene h. spafford fellow of the ieee issa awards hall of fame ncisse founder's medal outstanding undergraduate teaching award in memory of charles b. murphy fellows of the purdue teaching academy jan vitek nsf career awards 2000 douglas e. comer fellow of the acm eugene h. spafford national computer/information system security award department of philosophy, courtesy appointment 1999 mikhail j. atallah book of great teachers bharat bhargava ieee computer society technical achievement award douglas e. comer book of great teachers h. e. (buster) dunsmore book of great teachers susanne e. hambrusch book of great teachers kihong park nsf career award sunil prabhakar nsf career award ahmed sameh fellow of the ieee harry h. goode memorial award eugene h. spafford fellow of the aaas fellow of the acm book of great teachers david k. y. yau nsf career award 1998 ananth y. grama nsf career award antony l. hosking teaching for tomorrow award eugene h. spafford fellow of the acm jeffrey s. vitter fulbright scholar 1997 mikhail j. atallah fellow of the ieee h. e. (buster) dunsmore fellows of the purdue teaching academy ahmed sameh samuel d. conte professor of computer science 1996 bharat bhargava ieee computer society golden core award fellow of the iete h. e. (buster) dunsmore outstanding undergraduate teaching award in memory of charles b. murphy john r. rice fellow of the acm ahmed sameh ieee computer society golden core award eugene h. spafford ieee computer society golden core award jeffrey s. vitter fellow of the acm douglas comer (as part of the software tools project) usenix association "the flame" lifetime achievement award 1995 ahmed elmagarmid distinguished alumnus award, university of dayton zhiyuan li nsf career award 1994 john r. rice member of the national academy of engineering 1993 bharat bhargava fellow of the ieee ahmed elmagarmid distinguished alumnus award, ohio state university ahmed sameh fellow of the aaas jeffrey s. vitter fellow of the ieee 1992 vernon j. rego gordon bell prize (joint with ieee) 1989 john r. rice ifip silver core w. brooks fortune distinguished professor emeritus of computer science 1988 ahmed elmagarmid nsf presidential young investigator award 1986 jeffrey s. vitter guggenheim foundation fellow 1985 mikhail atallah nsf presidential young investigator award jeffrey s. vitter nsf presidential young investigator award 1972 john r. rice fellow of the aaas 1970 walter gautschi fulbright scholar award views by awarding organization by faculty updates & suggestions awards@cs.purdue.edu last updated: sep 12, 2016 10:57 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: diversity < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan about us message from the head conte lecture series awards annual reports strategic plan diversity phd recipients history contact us cs calendars diversity resources college of science multicultural science programs site purdue university diversity resource office general resources office of institutional equity diversity in engineering diversityweb purdue's nondiscrimination policy issue specific resources black cultural center international center international student and scholars jewish studies program latino student union women's organizations diversity in computer science cs mission the department of computer science is committed to diversity in our students, faculty, and staff, supporting both the participation and success of underrepresented minorities as well as addressing the underrepresentation of women in computer science. we have redesigned computer science recruiting materials to emphasize the variety of career options available to cs graduates--career options that appeal to a diverse group of students. the department supports a number of events, programs, and other initiatives aimed at increasing the pipeline of women and underrepresented minorities. these initiatives reinforce the fact that successful companies depend on a variety of contributions from a diverse group of employees. examples of current activities include middle school summer camps to expose underrepresented students to the excitement of computer science, training workshops for high school math teachers to help them link classroom activities to computer science topics, and a student-led high school visitation program called "rocs: reaching out for computer science". we work closely with the midwest crossroads agep program office at purdue, offer summer-bridge programs to incoming students, and participate in conferences aimed at recruiting underrepresented minorities. we also host gem consortium fellows and science bound summer interns. we have an active presence at conferences including the grace hopper celebration of women in computing and the cic summer research opportunities program (srop). we visit minority serving institutions and high schools with high enrollment of underrepresented minorities and encourage students to join our program. the departmental computer science women's network (cswn) is an organization of students, faculty, and staff dedicated to helping all members succeed in computer science. over the past several years we have been successful in hiring outstanding female faculty. we are currently planning a women in computer science career day, targeting high school juniors. purdue diversity initiatives/mosaic plan mission statement : the diversity leadership group was created to design ways to expand and institutionalize educational equity initiatives through the office of the provost. student organizations association of multicultural science students (amss) a group driving toward a goal of acquiring jobs, internships, research assistantships, etc. for its members. amss also offers some scholarships to those members that show academic excellence, community service, and club service. computer science women's network (cswn) an organization consisting of people (both students and staff) who are dedicated to helping the group in the computer science (cs) field. the leadership team that organizes most activities is made up of students who want to reach out and help all the members in cs. science opportunities to advance retention (soar) in order to improve retention, multicultural science programs has launched the soar program. the intent of soar is to guide students to acclimating to college, to their major department, and to establish successful strategies in order to complete the core courses of their major. last updated: oct 26, 2015 2:50 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: phd recipients < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan about us message from the head conte lecture series awards annual reports strategic plan diversity phd recipients history contact us cs calendars computer science phd recipients phd by employer phd by location phd by location (map) phd by year updates & suggestions alumni-relations@cs.purdue.edu last updated: aug 14, 2014 11:23 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: contact us < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan about us message from the head conte lecture series awards annual reports strategic plan diversity phd recipients history contact us cs calendars contacting us general department contact purdue university department of computer science 305 n. university street west lafayette, in 47907-2107 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 administrative contacts department head head@cs.purdue.edu sunil prabhakar (765) 494-6003 assistant head bond@purdue.edu randy bond (765) 494-2248 assistant to the head wjg@purdue.edu william j. gorman (765) 494-6004 student contacts undergraduate office undergrad-info@cs.purdue.edu   (800) 320-6132 or (765) 494-6010 graduate office grad-info@cs.purdue.edu   (765) 494-6004 cs development office of corporate relations corporate-relations@cs.purdue.edu sally luzader (765) 494-6180 k-12 outreach k12@cs.purdue.edu (765) 494-7802 support building deputy buildingdeputy@cs.purdue.edu pamela graf (765) 494-7833 postmaster postmaster@cs.purdue.edu   report blocked mail webmaster webmaster@cs.purdue.edu cs-related centers centers directory communications communications assistant jehollin@purdue.edu jesica e. hollinger (765) 494-0669 last updated: feb 17, 2016 5:07 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: calendars for computer science < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan about us message from the head conte lecture series awards annual reports strategic plan diversity phd recipients history contact us cs calendars calendars for computer science last updated: nov 17, 2014 4:24 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: people < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan people faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory people student organizations printable directory last updated: nov 13, 2014 6:44 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: computer science faculty < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan people faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory switch view computer science faculty and visitors tenured, tenure-track, and research faculty name title phone office daniel aliaga associate professor 49-46010 lwsn 3177 mail bio walid aref professor 49-41997 lwsn 2116j mail bio mikhail atallah distinguished professor 49-46010 lwsn 2116d mail bio elias bareinboim assistant professor 49-69370 lwsn 2142l mail bio saugata basu professor 49-48798 math 742 mail bio elisa bertino professor 49-62399 lwsn 2142g mail bio bharat bhargava professor 49-46013 lwsn 2116f mail bio jeremiah blocki assistant professor 49-49027 lwsn 1165 mail bio chris clifton professor 49-46005 lwsn 2142f mail bio douglas comer distinguished professor 49-46009 lwsn 1171 mail bio benjamin delaware assistant professor 49-69433 lwsn 2116m mail bio petros drineas associate professor 49-69369 lwsn 1203 mail bio buster dunsmore associate professor 49-41996 lwsn 1189 mail bio ahmed elmagarmid professor mail bio patrick eugster associate professor 49-46010 lwsn 3154n mail bio sonia fahmy professor 49-46183 lwsn 2142h mail bio greg frederickson professor 49-46016 lwsn 2116e mail bio david gleich assistant professor 49-67300 lwsn 1207 mail bio dan goldwasser assistant professor 49-60332 lwsn 2142a mail bio ananth grama professor 49-49580 lwsn 3154f mail bio elena grigorescu assistant professor 49-61185 lwsn 1209 mail bio susanne hambrusch professor 49-41831 lwsn 1179 mail bio chris hoffmann professor 49-46185 lwsn 3183 mail bio jean honorio assistant professor 49-66757 lwsn 2142j mail bio tony hosking associate professor 49-48469 lwsn 3154l mail bio suresh jagannathan professor 49-40971 lwsn 3154j mail bio aniket kate assistant professor 49-62763 lwsn 1169 mail bio daisuke kihara professor 49-45004 lwsn 1208 mail bio byoungyoung lee assistant professor 49-60456 lwsn 1187 mail bio ninghui li professor 49-66756 lwsn 2142k mail bio zhiyuan li professor 49-47822 lwsn 3154h mail bio hemanta maji assistant professor 49-46184 lwsn 1177 mail bio aditya mathur professor 49-46008 haas 104 mail bio jennifer neville associate professor 49-69387 lwsn 2142d mail bio kihong park associate professor 49-47821 lwsn 1211 mail bio mathias payer assistant professor 49-46010 lwsn 3154m mail bio voicu popescu associate professor 49-46010 lwsn 3179 mail bio alex pothen professor 49-69376 lwsn 2116g mail bio sunil prabhakar department head and professor 49-46003 lwsn 3144f mail bio yuan (alan) qi associate professor 49-69370 haas 146 mail bio vernon rego professor 49-47835 lwsn 1175 mail bio bruno ribeiro assistant professor 49-62331 lwsn 2142c mail bio tiark rompf assistant professor 49-69432 lwsn 2116h mail bio elisha sacks professor 49-49026 lwsn 3181 mail bio mohammad sadoghi assistant professor 49-49160 lwsn 2116n mail bio roopsha samanta assistant professor 49-69434 lwsn 2116l mail bio ahmed sameh conte professor haas g062 mail bio luo si associate professor 49-69381 lwsn 2142b mail bio robert d. skeel professor 49-49025 lwsn 1205 mail bio eugene spafford professor 49-47825 49-47825 rec 216c/lwsn 1183 lwsn 1183 mail bio wojciech szpankowski saul rosen distinguished professor of computer science 49-46703 lwsn 1201 mail bio xavier tricoche associate professor 49-69416 lwsn 3154p mail bio samuel wagstaff professor 49-46022 lwsn 1167 mail bio he wang assistant professor 49-48469 lwsn 3154l mail bio dongyan xu professor 49-46182 lwsn 1173 mail bio xiangyu zhang professor 49-69415 lwsn 3154k mail bio daniel aliaga walid aref mikhail atallah elias bareinboim saugata basu elisa bertino bharat bhargava jeremiah blocki chris clifton douglas comer benjamin delaware petros drineas buster dunsmore ahmed elmagarmid patrick eugster sonia fahmy greg frederickson david gleich ananth grama susanne hambrusch chris hoffmann tony hosking suresh jagannathan daisuke kihara byoungyoung lee ninghui li zhiyuan li aditya mathur jennifer neville kihong park mathias payer voicu popescu alex pothen sunil prabhakar yuan (alan) qi vernon rego bruno ribeiro tiark rompf elisha sacks mohammad sadoghi roopsha samanta ahmed sameh luo si robert d. skeel eugene spafford wojciech szpankowski xavier tricoche samuel wagstaff he wang dongyan xu xiangyu zhang adjunct and courtesy faculty name title phone office email bio jan allebach professor (electrical and computer engineering ) msee 350 mail bio saurabh bagchi professor (electrical and computer engineering) 49-43362 ee 329 mail bio alok chaturvedi professor (school of management) 49-49048 kran 745 mail bio william cleveland distinguished professor (statistics) 49-46045 math 500 mail bio melissa dark professor (w.c. furnas professor in the college of technology) 49-47661 knoy 467a mail bio david ebert professor (electrical and computer engineering) 49-49064 msee 274 mail bio michael gribskov professor (biological sciences) 49-46933 lily g-233 mail bio y. charlie hu professor (electrical and computer engineering) 49-49143 msee 226 mail bio sabre kais professor (chemistry) 49-45965 wthr 265g mail bio yung-hsiang lu associate professor (electrical and computer engineering) 49-42668 msee 222 mail bio cristina nita-rotaru adjunct professor mail bio sanjay rao associate professor (electrical and computer engineering) ee 322a mail bio victor raskin distinguished professor (english and linguistics) 49-43782 heav 441 mail bio jeffrey siskind associate professor (electrical and computer engineering) 49-63197 ee 330 mail bio t n vijaykumar professor (electrical and computer engineering) 49-40592 ee 334b mail bio jianlin xia associate professor (math) math 442 mail bio jan allebach saurabh bagchi alok chaturvedi william cleveland melissa dark david ebert michael gribskov y. charlie hu sabre kais yung-hsiang lu cristina nita-rotaru sanjay rao victor raskin jeffrey siskind t n vijaykumar faculty emeriti name title phone office email bio walter gautschi professor emeritus 49-41995 lwsn 2116a mail bio elias houstis professor emeritus mail bio robert lynch professor emeritus mail bio john rice distinguished professor emeritus mail bio john steele professor emeritus mail bio walter gautschi elias houstis robert lynch john rice john steele visiting faculty and research staff name title phone office email bio george adams visiting associate professor 49-60453 haas 122 mail bio siarhei bykau post doctoral research associate 49-69414 lwsn 3154c mail bio somali chaterji visiting assistant professor 49-60454 haas 124 mail bio omar chowdhury post doctoral researcher 49-69388 lwsn 2142r mail bio xi huang visiting scholar 49-69418 lwsn 3154r mail bio peng liu post doctoral research associate 49-69413 lwsn 3154b mail bio tinghuai ma visiting scholar 49-69390 lwsn 2142v mail bio srivatsan ravi post doctoral research assistant 49-69365 lwsn 1202 mail bio vinai sundaram post doctoral research associate 49-69413 lwsn 3154s mail bio chonghua wang visiting scholar 49-69419 lwsn 3154s mail bio haoran xu visiting scholar 49-69479 lwsn 2142u mail bio zhaogui xu visiting scholar 49-69418 lwsn 3154r mail bio wei zhang visiting scholar 49-69386 lwsn 2142p mail bio hongfei zhu visiting scholar 49-69386 lwsn 2142p mail bio george adams somali chaterji peng liu instructors name title phone office email bio alan bunning continuing lecturer 49-60245 haas g024 mail bio marta crowe continuing lecturer 49-60457 haas 142 mail bio bill crum continuing lecturer 49-46027 haas g026 mail bio gary mcfall continuing lecturer 49-47804 haas g022 mail bio gustavo rodriguez-rivera continuing lecturer 49-49161 lwsn 1210 mail bio alan bunning gary mcfall gustavo rodriguez-rivera last updated: jun 19, 2013 8:43 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: honors and awards by faculty < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan people faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory awards views by faculty by awarding organization by year awarded in updates & suggestions awards@cs.purdue.edu honors and awards by faculty this is a listing of significant awards and honors received by purdue cs faculty. listed are those items that are distinctive and based on technical achievement and/or professional service. included items must be decided by peer deliberation; awards decided solely by students (e.g., "top 10 teacher") and best paper awards are not included, nor are awards well outside the mainstream of faculty areas of achievement. daniel aliaga college of science diversity award [2012] purdue university undergraduate advising award [2009] purdue university engagement award [2008] walid aref nsf career award [2001] purdue university faculty scholar [2004] mikhail atallah nsf presidential young investigator [1985] fellow of the ieee [1997] listed in purdue university book of great teachers [1999] purdue university distinguished professor [2004]  distinguished professor of computer science fellow of the purdue university teaching academy [2004] school of electrical and computer engineering, courtesy appointment [2004] fellow of the acm [2006] distinguished alumnus award, american university in beirut [2007] purdue research foundation inventors recognition [2011] purdue university outstanding commercialization award [2013] sigma xi faculty research award [2016] elisa bertino fellow of the ieee [2002] ieee computer society technical achievement award [2002] fellow of the acm [2003] school of electrical and computer engineering, courtesy appointment [2004] ieee tsutomu kanai award [2005] college of science engagement award [2012] bharat bhargava fellow of the ieee [1993] ieee computer society golden core award [1996] fellow of the iete [1996] ieee computer society technical achievement award [1999] listed in purdue university book of great teachers [2003] school of electrical and computer engineering, courtesy appointment [2003] purdue research foundation inventors recognition [2011] chris clifton techpoint mira award [2005] ieee icdm outstanding service award [2011] teaching for tomorrow fellowship [2011] douglas comer usenix "the flame" lifetime achievement award (as part of the software tools project) [1996] listed in purdue university book of great teachers [1999] fellow of the acm [2000] fellow of the purdue university teaching academy [2003] school of electrical and computer engineering, courtesy appointment [2003] purdue university distinguished professor [2004]  distinguished professor of computer science joel and ruth spira excellence in teaching award [2012] buster dunsmore purdue university outstanding undergraduate teaching award in memory of charles b. murphy [1996] fellow of the purdue university teaching academy [1997] listed in purdue university book of great teachers [1999] initia outstanding educator [2001] purdue university teaching for tomorrow award [2005] ahmed elmagarmid distinguished alumnus award from ohio state university [1993] distinguished alumnus award from university of dayton [1995] nsf presidential young investigator [1988] techpoint mira award [2005] acm distinguished scientist [2009] fellow of the ieee [2009] fellow of the acm [2012] patrick eugster nsf career award [2006] alexander von humboldt fellowship [2011] college of science professional achievement award [2012] sonia fahmy nsf career award [2003] greg frederickson maa george pólya award [2009] listed in purdue university book of great teachers [2008] maa george pólya award [2004] walter gautschi (emeritus) fulbright scholar [1970] member of bavarian academy of sciences [2001] member of turin academy of sciences [2001] fellow of siam [2012] david gleich nsf career award [2012] ananth grama american association for the advancement of science [2013] nsf career award [1998] purdue university faculty scholar [2002] susanne hambrusch listed in purdue university book of great teachers [1999] techpoint mira award [2004] christoph m. hoffmann european academy of sciences [2002] techpoint mira award [2008] pierre bézier award (siam) [2011] tony hosking purdue university teaching for tomorrow award [1998] acm distinguished scientist [2012] suresh jagannathan school of electrical and computer engineering, courtesy appointment [2002] purdue university faculty scholar [2007] college of science graduate student mentoring award[2012] daisuke kihara purdue university seeds of success [2005, 2006, 2007, 2008] university faculty scholar [2013] charles killian nsf career award [2011] ramana kompella nsf career award [2011] ninghui li nsf career award [2004] acm distinguished scientist [2012] zhiyuan li nsf career award [1995] school of electrical and computer engineering, courtesy appointment [2003] purdue university faculty scholar [2005] bradley lucier fellow of ams [2012] simons fellow [2012] jennifer neville nsf career award [2012] outstanding achievement by a young alum (university of massachusetts amherst) [2013] cristina nita-rotaru nsf career award [2006] purdue university teaching for tomorrow award [2007] college of science leadership award [2013] kihong park nsf career award [1999] sunil prabhakar nsf career award [2000] techpoint mira award [2005] purdue university faculty scholar [2009] alex pothen distinguished alumnus award, indian institute of technology, delhi (iitd) [2009] yuan (alan) qi microsoft research a. richard newton breakthrough research award [2007] nsf career award [2011] vernon rego acm/ieee gordon bell prize [1992] john rice (emeritus) fellow of the aaas [1972] ifip silver core award [1989] national academy of engineering member [1994] purdue university distinguished professor [1989]  w. brooks fortune distinguished professor emeritus of computer science fellow of the acm [1996] listed in purdue university book of great teachers [1999] ahmed sameh fellow of the aaas [1993] ieee computer society golden core award [1996] purdue named university professor [1997]  samuel d. conte professor of computer science fellow of the acm [1999] fellow of the ieee [1999] ieee harry h. goode memorial award [1999] fellow of siam [2011] fellow of iacm [2012] luo si nsf career award [2008] robert d. skeel department of mathematics, courtesy appointmet [2004] fellow of siam [2011] eugene spafford ieee computer society golden core award [1996] fellow of the acm [1998] fellow of the aaas [1999] listed in purdue university book of great teachers [1999] national computer/information system security award [2000] department of philosophy, courtesy appointment[2000] fellow of the ieee [2001] purdue university outstanding undergraduate teaching award in memory of charles b. murphy [2001] fellow of the purdue university teaching academy [2001] issa hall of fame award [2001] ncisse founders' medal [2001] ieee taylor booth award [2003] department of communication, courtesy appointment [2003] school of electrical and computer engineering, courtesy appointment [2003] acm sigcas "making a difference" award [2004] ieee computer society technical achievement award [2005] honorary d.sc. from suny [2005] isaca wasserman award [2006] acm sigsac "outstanding contribution" award [2006] acm president's award [2007] fellow of (isc)2 [2008] information security secure 7 [2008] upsilon pi epsilon abacus award [2009] cra distinguished service award [2009] distinguished fellow of the information systems security association [2009] sans lifetime achievement award [2011] worldcomp outstanding achievement award [2011] morrill award [2012] wojciech szpankowski fellow of the ieee [2004] school of electrical and computer engineering, courtesy appointment [2004] university of canterbury, new zealand "erskine fellowship" [2006] saul rosen professor of computer science [2008] humboldt research award [2009] college of science leadership award [2012] xavier tricoche nsf career award [2012] jan vitek nsf career award [2001] purdue university faculty scholar [2011] college of science leadership award [2013] olga vitek nsf career award [2011] university faculty scholar [2013] jeff vitter nsf presidential young investigator [1985] guggenheim foundation fellow [1986] fellow of the ieee [1993] fellow of the acm [1996] fulbright scholar [1998] purdue university named university professor [2002]  frederick l. hovde dean of the college of science samuel wagstaff department of mathematics, courtesy appointmet [2006] dongyan xu school of electrical and computer engineering, courtesy appointment [2003] nsf career award [2006] purdue university faculty scholar [2012] college of science leadership award [2013] david yau nsf career award [1999] school of electrical and computer engineering, courtesy appointment [2003] xiangyu zhang acm sigplan "doctoral dissertation" award [2006] last updated: sep 12, 2016 10:49 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: staff directory < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan people faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory switch view computer science staff name title phone office kelly andronicos director of diversity, center for science of information, stc 49-66683 haas 202a mail bio michael atwell multimedia specialist, center for science of information, stc 49-41879 haas 210 mail bio randy bond assistant department head 49-42248 lwsn 3144g mail bio robert brown managing director, science of information stc 49-42914 haas 202e mail bio ron castongia cs computer facilities manager 49-43384 lwsn 1160 mail bio kelly cunningham business manager 49-47831 lwsn 3130a mail bio jennifer deno business office account clerk v 49-66943 lwsn 3130 mail bio susan deno business office account clerk v 49-47827 lwsn 3130 mail bio cathy dyer secretary to the undergraduate office 49-46010 lwsn 1123 mail bio sandra freeman secretary to the graduate office 49-46004 lwsn 1137 mail bio charles fultz cos unix systems administrator 49-66699 lwsn b116h mail bio faith giordano academic advisor 49-46010 lwsn 1123g mail bio william j. gorman assistant to the department head 49-46004 lwsn 1137c mail bio pam graf building administrator 49-47833 lwsn 1158 mail bio nina haghighi cos web application programmer 49-49517 lwsn b116c mail bio nick hirschberg cos database and web administrator 49-40893 lwsn b116d mail bio james hook departmental operations clerk 49-46380 lwsn 1151 mail bio kathy huseman secretary to the department head suite 49-49431 lwsn 3144 mail bio kevin jones academic advisor 49-46010 lwsn 1123a mail bio brent ladd director of education, center for science of information, stc 49-61693 haas 202f mail bio jamie linville academic advisor 49-46010 lwsn 1123h mail bio sally luzader manager of corporate relations 49-46180 lwsn 3144b mail bio renate mallus-medot graduate office coordinator 49-47809 lwsn 1137a mail bio desiree marmon academic advisor 49-46010 lwsn 1123f mail bio lorenzo martino instructional quality control coordinator 49-67345 haas 144 mail bio patricia morgan development secretary 49-45322 lwsn 3144a mail bio mike motuliak cos network engineer 49-40835 lwsn 2133a mail bio tammy muthig business assistant 49-47830 lwsn 3130 mail bio scott nelson administrator of undergraduate programs and services 49-46010 lwsn 2116q mail bio daniel parrott cos windows systems administrator 49-48006 lwsn b116a mail bio nicole piegza administrative assistant to the department head 49-46003 lwsn 3144h mail bio steve plite manager, cos unix systems administration 49-47832 lwsn b116g mail bio ashley quirk business office account clerk iv 49-66758 lwsn 3130 mail bio ranjani rao academic advisor 49-46010 lwsn 2116p mail bio dennis ritchie cos windows systems administrator 49-45561 lwsn b116b mail bio phil sands outreach coordinator 49-47802 lwsn 2116r mail bio brent sheets cos desktop support specialist 49-46597 lwsn 2133a mail bio monica shively academic services manager 49-61617 lwsn 1137b mail bio kiya smith administrative assistant, science of information stc 49-42908 haas 202d mail bio victory soe instructional technologist 49-60497 lwsn b116f mail bio becky spears director of development for cs (and physics and astronomy) mail bio adrian t. thomas cs diversity specialist 49-69373 lwsn 2116s mail bio dan trinkle cs sr. academic it specialist 49-47844 lwsn 1198 mail bio nicole wardlaw faculty secretary 49-61973 lwsn 2116 mail bio elizabeth watts academic advisor 49-46010 lwsn 1123e mail bio michael atwell randy bond ron castongia kelly cunningham jennifer deno susan deno cathy dyer sandra freeman charles fultz faith giordano william j. gorman pam graf nick hirschberg kathy huseman brent ladd sally luzader renate mallus-medot desiree marmon lorenzo martino patricia morgan mike motuliak tammy muthig scott nelson daniel parrott nicole piegza steve plite ashley quirk phil sands monica shively victory soe dan trinkle last updated: nov 15, 2013 1:35 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: graduate students < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan people faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory switch view computer science graduate students enter keyword to search e.g. john, doe name phone office mohamed saber abdelfattah hassan 49-69393 lwsn 2149 (#07) mail bio ahmed samy abdelhamid haas g018 (#03) mail bio samodya rj abeysiriwardane mail bio bara abusalah 49-69405 lwsn 3133 (#26) mail bio gaurav agarwal mail bio adil ahmad haas ta labs mail bio norman omar ahmed mail bio ahmed al-herz mail bio eslam ahmed almorshdy haas g045 (#01) mail bio eman alnabati haas g075 (#02) mail bio iman alodah haas g018 (#06) mail bio khaled alqahtani mail bio israa al-qassem haas ta labs mail bio aala oqab alsalem mail bio balamurugan anandan 49-69393 lwsn 2149 (#05) mail bio byungchan an haas 151 mail bio daniel andersen 49-69410 lwsn 3151 (#03) mail bio jeffrey avery haas 151 mail bio mehdi azarmi mail bio stewart bailey haas ta labs mail bio aravind balakrishnan mail bio sneha balasubramanian mail bio edgardo alberto barsallo yi 49-69444 lwsn b132 (#07) mail bio andres bejarano posada 49-69410 lwsn 3151 (#11) mail bio radhika bhargava haas ta labs mail bio rohit bhatia 49-47843 haas 274 (#03) mail bio priyam biswas 49-47843 haas 274 (#11) mail bio alexander block haas 151 mail bio indraneel borgohain mail bio andres bravo mail bio nathan burow 49-47843 haas 274 (#09) mail bio nabeel farooq butt 49-69410 lwsn 3151 (#01) mail bio xiangyu bu 49-69439 lwsn b129 (#06) mail bio lianjie cao 49-69439 lwsn b129 (#08) mail bio siyuan cao haas ta labs mail bio yudong cao haas 151 mail bio scott andrew carr 49-69405 lwsn 3133 (#11) mail bio sait celebi haas g075 (#01) mail bio lei cen mail bio ponnapu chandu karan haas ta labs mail bio yu-chen chang mail bio keith godwin chapman 49-69405 lwsn 3133 (#29) mail bio riya charaya mail bio sze yiu chau 49-69398 lwsn 2161 (#14) mail bio chen chen mail bio chiahao chen mail bio cheng cheng 49-69439 lwsn b129 (#02) mail bio xin cheng 49-40775 haas 264 (#02) mail bio haining chen 49-69398 lwsn 2161 (#04) mail bio hongjun choi 49-69405 lwsn 3133 (#06) mail bio charles christoffer haas 151 mail bio ousmane conde mail bio mariheida cordova-sanchez mail bio juan correa haas ta labs mail bio jerry l cowles mail bio matthew thomas crabill mail bio jordan henry crafts mail bio pranjal daga haas 175 (#04) mail bio anas daghistani haas g018 (#04) mail bio javad (nima) darivandpour 49-69425 lwsn b107 (#02) mail bio debajyoti das haas 175 (#17) mail bio ahmed elsaeed dawod mail bio wei-yen day 49-69398 lwsn 2161 (#05) mail bio ilke demir 49-69410 lwsn 3151 (#13) mail bio david dayton devore mail bio ziang ding 49-69410 lwsn 3151 (#10) mail bio amr ebaid 49-69393 lwsn 2149 (#02) mail bio kenneth jay eldridge mail bio dana monther el-rushaidat mail bio gregory essertel haas 151 mail bio daren khaled fadolalkarim mail bio chih-hao fang 49-69444 lwsn b132 (#04) mail bio youhan fang haas ta labs mail bio s m ferdous 49-40775 haas 264 (#04) mail bio venkata surya s gandikota 49-69405 lwsn 3133 (#08) mail bio huangyi ge 49-69398 lwsn 2161 (#10) mail bio asish ghoshal 49-69393 lwsn 2149 (#13) mail bio venkatabharath gondi mail bio lilliam i gonzalez mail bio parthasarathy gopavarapu mail bio thomas charles gorko mail bio hasini gunasinghe 49-69398 lwsn 2161 (#18) mail bio jinyang guo mail bio suyash gupta 49-69405 lwsn 3133 (#22) mail bio praveen kumar gurumurthy mail bio christopher noe gutierrez haas g072 mail bio javid habibi 49-69444 lwsn b132 (#09) mail bio evan michael hanau mail bio mengyue hang haas ta labs mail bio peng hao mail bio benjamin harsha haas ta labs mail bio prajwal hegde lwsn 2161 (#12) mail bio kalid hilal haas 151 mail bio yangyang hou haas g014 (#01) mail bio terry ching-hsiang hsu 49-69405 lwsn 3133 (#34) mail bio cheng huang mail bio jianjun huang 49-69424 lwsn b105 (#01) mail bio min huang haas g073 (#01) mail bio bo hu haas ta labs mail bio syed rafiul hussain 49-69398 lwsn 2161 (#15) mail bio ahmed hussein 49-69405 lwsn 3133 (#02) mail bio kyriakos ispoglou 49-47843 haas 274 (#07) mail bio amani mohammad abu jabal mail bio ameen (amin) jaber haas 175 (#19) mail bio sahithya jagadish mail bio nitin a jain mail bio vaibhav jain mail bio akshay jajoo mail bio julian james stephen 49-69405 lwsn 3133 (#27) mail bio suhas raveesh javagal mail bio hyun chai jeong mail bio yuseok jeon 49-47843 haas 274 (#10) mail bio samuel jero 49-69398 lwsn 2161 (#13) mail bio shuxian jiang haas 151 mail bio zhuosheng jiang mail bio abhilash jindal mail bio agrima jindal mail bio di jin haas ta labs mail bio amber johnson 49-69444 lwsn b132 (#09) mail bio kristen johnson haas g016 (#02) mail bio gowtham kaki 49-69405 lwsn 3133 (#14) mail bio mayank kakodkar haas ta labs mail bio karthik shashank kambatla mail bio xuejiao (joyce) kang 49-69405 lwsn 3133 (#16) mail bio rajas hemant karandikar 49-40361 haas 254 (#02) mail bio negin karisani haas 151 mail bio sayali anikate kate haas ta labs mail bio adam kauk mail bio ishita kamal khan haas g060 mail bio md. ariful khan 49-69405 lwsn 3133 (#10) mail bio chung hwan kim 49-47843 haas 274 (#05) mail bio dohyeong kim haas 151 mail bio i luk kim mail bio kyungtae kim 49-69424 lwsn b105 (#03) mail bio seong gon kim 49-69405 lwsn 3133 (#31) mail bio taegyu kim 49-47843 haas 274 (#04) mail bio travis lee king mail bio thomas michael kleingers mail bio hou-jen ko 49-69405 lwsn 3133 (#07) mail bio emily r kossler mail bio akash kumar 49-69405 lwsn 3133 (#32) mail bio daniel kumor mail bio tatiana kuznetsova haas ta labs mail bio yonghwi kwon 49-69405 lwsn 3133 (#05) mail bio sudhir kylasa 49-69405 lwsn 3133 (#12) mail bio timothy m. la fond 49-69393 lwsn 2149 (#03) mail bio yi-yu (ellen) lai haas g018 (#01) mail bio duc le haas ta labs mail bio i-ta lee haas 175 (#07) mail bio jihwan lee 49-69393 lwsn 2149 (#10) mail bio wen-chuan lee 49-69405 lwsn 3133 (#04) mail bio james lembke 49-69405 lwsn 3133 (#21) mail bio alex j lentz mail bio joseph a lewis mail bio chang li 49-49165 haas 266 (#05) mail bio linjie li haas ta labs mail bio menghan li mail bio binhao lin haas 151 mail bio cheng lin mail bio chengyuan lin 49-69410 lwsn 3151 (#07) mail bio haoran lin mail bio xuankang lin 49-69405 lwsn 3133 (#19) mail bio young-san lin 49-69425 lwsn b107 (#03) mail bio muyi liu mail bio yingqi liu haas 151 mail bio zitao li haas ta labs mail bio quanzheng long mail bio melanie lotz 49-69410 lwsn 3151 (#16) mail bio hui lu 49-69439 lwsn b129 (#01) mail bio rui lu mail bio amgad magdy madkour 49-69393 lwsn 2149 (#24) mail bio ahmed refaat ahmed mahmood 49-69393 lwsn 2149 (#11) mail bio koray mancuhan haas g018 (#02) mail bio easwar mangipudi haas ta labs mail bio shamiek mangipudi haas 151 mail bio ganapathy mani haas 151 mail bio shiqing ma 49-69405 lwsn 3133 (#20) mail bio tharindu mathew 49-69410 lwsn 3151 (#08) mail bio christopher may 49-69410 lwsn 3151 (#02) mail bio derrick mckee 49-47843 haas 274 (#08) mail bio miguel a rivera mediavilla mail bio shagufta mehnaz 49-69398 lwsn 2161 (#17) mail bio changping (jason) meng haas g016 (#03) mail bio danushka menikkumbura 49-69405 lwsn 3133 (#24) mail bio shawn allen merrill 49-69393 lwsn 2149 (#06) mail bio daniele midi 49-69398 lwsn 2161 (#11) mail bio mohsen minaei-bidgoli lwsn 3133 mail bio guiyuan mo mail bio mohamed a mohamed haas 175 (#06) mail bio shahin mohammadi 49-69405 lwsn 3133 (#03) mail bio john moore 49-69393 lwsn 2149 (#14) mail bio pedro moreno sanchez 49-69398 lwsn 2161 (#19) mail bio tamalika mukherjee haas ta labs mail bio gisele izera munyengabe mail bio aswin siva nagasubramanian mail bio shreejit sundareshan nair mail bio syed abbas zilqurnain naqvi mail bio huda nassar haas g014 (#03) mail bio abhiram natarajan 49-69405 lwsn 3133 (#30) mail bio shuvra kanti nath 49-40775 haas 264 (#03) mail bio alina nesen haas ta labs mail bio hai hoang nguyen 49-69398 lwsn 2161 (#07) mail bio gen nishida 49-69410 lwsn 3151 (#12) mail bio liliane ntaganda haas ta labs mail bio brian dale olsen mail bio oyindamola david oluwatimi 49-69398 lwsn 2161 (#08) mail bio leo osvald mail bio maria leonor pacheco gonzales haas ta labs mail bio servio palacios 49-69444 lwsn b132 (#10) mail bio bijeeta pal mail bio robert a pantaleone mail bio hogun park 49-69393 lwsn 2149 (#19) mail bio keehwan park 49-69393 lwsn 2149 (#04) mail bio ayush parolia mail bio ayush patwari mail bio anna payer haas ta labs mail bio spencer pearson haas ta labs mail bio kexin pei 49-49165 haas 266 (#07) mail bio fei peng 49-47843 haas 274 (#06) mail bio hao peng haas g016 (#04) mail bio hui peng 49-47843 haas 274 (#12) mail bio david perry 49-69444 lwsn b132 (#05) mail bio zsika elbert phillip mail bio karan n prabhu mail bio romila pradhan 49-69393 lwsn 2149 (#08) mail bio anil kumar reddy pulakanti mail bio tianyi qi mail bio chenyang qu mail bio nithya raghavan mail bio kiarash rahmani 49-69405 lwsn 3133 (#13) mail bio kiarash rahmani mail bio rohit rangan haas ta labs mail bio rakshith rangaswamy haas 175 (#13) mail bio fang-yu rao 49-69398 lwsn 2161 (#01) mail bio adib rastegarnia haas 145 mail bio vikram ravindra 49-69405 lwsn 3133 (#23) mail bio prashant ravi mail bio yanfei ren haas 151 mail bio elkindi rezig 49-69393 lwsn 2149 (#15) mail bio pablo dario robles granda 49-69393 lwsn 2149 (#21) mail bio checed aaron rodgers haas 145 mail bio baharak saberidokht haas 145 mail bio haleema sadia haas ta labs mail bio asmaa mohamed sallam 49-69398 lwsn 2161 (#12) mail bio brendan saltaformaggio 49-47843 haas 274 (#01) mail bio saichowdary samineni mail bio ajay mallasandra sanath mail bio bo sang 49-69444 lwsn b132 (#02) mail bio victor santos 49-69444 lwsn b132 (#08) mail bio ihsan sarfraz 49-69398 lwsn 2161 (#09) mail bio savvas savvides 49-69444 lwsn b132 (#03) mail bio derek schatzlein haas 151 mail bio wayne schlei 49-69410 lwsn 3151 (#05) mail bio austin schwartz haas g047 (#01) mail bio isabel savannah scroggin mail bio yanfei shen mail bio amit sheoran 49-69439 lwsn b129 (#07) mail bio chao shi mail bio jaewoo shin 49-69393 lwsn 2149 (#16) mail bio sowmya rupa siddareddy mail bio devesh kumar singh mail bio shikhar singh mail bio vishwanath singh haas ta labs mail bio k m a solaiman haas ta labs mail bio yash kumar sonthalia mail bio dong su 49-69398 lwsn 2161 (#02) mail bio yi sun haas ta labs mail bio venkata tadigadaga haas ta labs mail bio ruby tahboub 49-69393 lwsn 2149 (#20) mail bio mingjie tang 49-69393 lwsn 2149 (#09) mail bio xi tan haas g016 (#01) mail bio gaurav thakur haas ta labs mail bio nawanol theera-ampornpunt mail bio shin-yeh tsai 49-69444 lwsn b132 (#06) mail bio denis ulybyshev 49-69405 lwsn 3133 (#17) mail bio sergei uversky 49-69405 lwsn 3133 (#09) mail bio abhilash veeragouni mail bio sri punni velagapudi haas 175 (#08) mail bio nate veldt haas g014 (#02) mail bio leo vilela teixeria 49-69393 lwsn 2149 (#17) mail bio miguel villarreal-vasquez haas ta labs mail bio sudharshan viswanathan haas ta labs mail bio fei wang 49-69424 lwsn b105 (#02) mail bio heqin wang mail bio hongyuan wang mail bio mingyuan wang mail bio mu wang 49-40775 haas 264 (#05) mail bio tianhao wang 49-69398 lwsn 2161 (#20) mail bio tianhao wang mail bio weihang wang 49-69405 lwsn 3133 (#18) mail bio zhaosen wang mail bio qing wei mail bio yizhen wei haas ta labs mail bio craig west haas 143 mail bio james patrick wetzel mail bio gregory aaron wilkin mail bio david l wiszowaty mail bio matthew a. wolff mail bio jong ho won 49-69398 lwsn 2161 (#16) mail bio meng-lin wu 49-69410 lwsn 3151 (#09) mail bio tao wu 49-49165 haas 266 (#01) mail bio xilun wu 49-69405 lwsn 3133 (#25) mail bio cong xu 49-69439 lwsn b129 (#03) mail bio wenhao xu mail bio pinar yanardag delul haas g072 mail bio chi yang mail bio jiasen yang 49-69393 lwsn 2149 (#23) mail bio weining yang 49-69398 lwsn 2161 (#03) mail bio yifan yang mail bio yo-sing (raine) yeh 49-69410 lwsn 3151 (#06) mail bio yu hong yeung mail bio yongyang yu 49-69393 lwsn 2149 (#12) mail bio zixun yu haas ta labs mail bio abdullah khan zehady mail bio giselle zeno torres 49-69393 lwsn 2149 (#18) mail bio junzhe (justin) zhang haas 175 (#02) mail bio ning zhang 49-49165 haas 266 (#03) mail bio wuwei zhang haas ta labs mail bio xiao (cosmo) zhang haas g018 (#05) mail bio xiaobo zhang mail bio xiaowei zhang haas ta labs mail bio zhengyi zhang 49-69405 lwsn 3133 (#01) mail bio zhiwei zhang 49-49165 haas 266 (#06) mail bio xianyuan zhan mail bio shandian zhe 49-69393 lwsn 2149 (#22) mail bio li zhou mail bio samson zhou 49-69444 lwsn b132 (#01) mail bio enze zhuang mail bio he zhu 49-69405 lwsn 3133 (#15) mail bio junlin zhu mail bio yunxiao zou haas ta labs mail bio ahmed samy abdelhamid gaurav agarwal eslam ahmed almorshdy iman alodah khaled alqahtani balamurugan anandan daniel andersen jeffrey avery mehdi azarmi andres bejarano posada radhika bhargava priyam biswas alexander block lianjie cao yudong cao scott andrew carr lei cen ponnapu chandu karan yu-chen chang keith godwin chapman riya charaya sze yiu chau chen chen chiahao chen cheng cheng haining chen hongjun choi mariheida cordova-sanchez juan correa pranjal daga javad (nima) darivandpour debajyoti das ahmed elsaeed dawod wei-yen day ilke demir david dayton devore ziang ding amr ebaid gregory essertel chih-hao fang s m ferdous venkata surya s gandikota huangyi ge venkatabharath gondi parthasarathy gopavarapu thomas charles gorko hasini gunasinghe jinyang guo suyash gupta praveen kumar gurumurthy christopher noe gutierrez evan michael hanau benjamin harsha terry ching-hsiang hsu cheng huang jianjun huang ahmed hussein kyriakos ispoglou ameen (amin) jaber sahithya jagadish nitin a jain vaibhav jain akshay jajoo julian james stephen suhas raveesh javagal samuel jero shuxian jiang abhilash jindal agrima jindal kristen johnson gowtham kaki karthik shashank kambatla xuejiao (joyce) kang sayali anikate kate ishita kamal khan md. ariful khan dohyeong kim kyungtae kim seong gon kim hou-jen ko emily r kossler daniel kumor timothy m. la fond jihwan lee wen-chuan lee joseph a lewis binhao lin chengyuan lin haoran lin xuankang lin young-san lin yingqi liu melanie lotz hui lu amgad magdy madkour ahmed refaat ahmed mahmood easwar mangipudi shamiek mangipudi derrick mckee shagufta mehnaz danushka menikkumbura shawn allen merrill daniele midi mohsen minaei-bidgoli mohamed a mohamed shahin mohammadi pedro moreno sanchez aswin siva nagasubramanian shreejit sundareshan nair alina nesen gen nishida liliane ntaganda brian dale olsen oyindamola david oluwatimi leo osvald maria leonor pacheco gonzales servio palacios bijeeta pal robert a pantaleone keehwan park ayush patwari spencer pearson kexin pei hao peng zsika elbert phillip karan n prabhu romila pradhan anil kumar reddy pulakanti chenyang qu nithya raghavan kiarash rahmani fang-yu rao adib rastegarnia yanfei ren elkindi rezig pablo dario robles granda checed aaron rodgers brendan saltaformaggio saichowdary samineni ajay mallasandra sanath bo sang derek schatzlein isabel savannah scroggin jaewoo shin devesh kumar singh shikhar singh vishwanath singh yash kumar sonthalia dong su venkata tadigadaga ruby tahboub mingjie tang gaurav thakur nawanol theera-ampornpunt shin-yeh tsai denis ulybyshev sergei uversky abhilash veeragouni sri punni velagapudi miguel villarreal-vasquez sudharshan viswanathan fei wang mu wang tianhao wang weihang wang gregory aaron wilkin david l wiszowaty matthew a. wolff jong ho won meng-lin wu wenhao xu pinar yanardag delul chi yang weining yang yo-sing (raine) yeh yu hong yeung yongyang yu abdullah khan zehady giselle zeno torres junzhe (justin) zhang ning zhang wuwei zhang xiaobo zhang zhengyi zhang zhiwei zhang enze zhuang he zhu junlin zhu yunxiao zou last updated: nov 13, 2013 8:05 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: student organizations < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan people faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory computer science student organizations a association for computing machinery lwsn b138 49-69448 [acm@cs.purdue.edu] c computer science women's network lwsn b136 49-69446 [cswn@cs.purdue.edu] g graduate student board lwsn b128 49-69438 [gsb@cs.purdue.edu] p purdue hackers group lwsn b130 [evanw@purdue.edu] purdue linux users group lwsn b128 [purduelug@googlegroups.com] u undergraduate student board lwsn b130 49-69441 [usb@cs.purdue.edu] upsilon pi epsilon [upe@cs.purdue.edu] w web dev club lwsn b138 49-69448 [wdc@purdue.edu] last updated: sep 9, 2016 2:48 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: printable directory < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan people faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory printable faculty/staff/visitors directory directory (pdf file) last updated: may 11, 2015 1:27 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: academic progams < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan future students academic progams undergraduate program graduate program courses pending changes upcoming semesters previous semesters canonical syllabi cs course requests (formerly registration) academic integrity policy study abroad professional practice co-op professional practice non-co-op professional practice academic progams the department of computer sciences is involved in a wide range of research areas including analysis of algorithms and theory of computation, databases, distributed and parallel computing, geometric modeling and scientific visualization, information security, networking and operating systems, numerical computing, parallelizing compilers, programming languages, and software engineering. future students undergraduate program graduate program fall 2016 study abroad professional practice last updated: nov 14, 2014 4:17 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: future students < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan future students majors/minors honors and other special programs scholarships and financial aid being a cs student careers in cs faqs admissions contact welcome, future computer science students!   computer science makes everything possible. whether you dream of working in healthcare, law, security or something totally different, a computer science degree can help you get there. the computer science undergraduate office welcomes prospective students and their families to visit the lawson computer science building on weekdays during the fall and spring semesters. scheduled visits for prospective students include an information session with an academic advisor and a tour of the department's computing facilities.  the information sessions and tours last about one hour, and are offered at 1:30 p.m. monday through friday during the regular semesters. (times and availability are subject to change during the summer term and during semester breaks.) for more information, or to arrange a visit, call (800) 320-6132 or (765) 494-6010, or e-mail  undergrad-info@cs.purdue.edu. download a pdf copy of computer science makes everything possible (1,420kb). future graduate students last updated: feb 3, 2016 9:46 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: undergraduate program < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan undergraduate program careers codo academic advisors employment student life frequently asked questions schedule a tour curriculum bachelor of science degree requirements minor in computer science bs/ms degree program honors in computer science cooperative education program curriculum resources minor in computer science scholarships bridge program undergraduate research undergraduate program   purdue computer science is one of the country's top-ranked cs programs. faculty members are shaping the future of information technology through cutting-edge research. students can take courses that include such topics as graphics and animation, robotics, web programming, competitive programming, cryptography and security, networks, software engineering, distributed systems, information systems, artificial intelligence, and bioinformatics. the purdue university department of computer science has a comprehensive and exciting curriculum for its undergraduate students. there is a great deal of flexibility in this curriculum. cs students begin by taking six core courses that teach them the fundamentals of computer science. students can then select one or more tracks, which allow them to deepen their understanding in a specific area (or areas) of computer science. these academic tracks include:  computational science and engineering  computer graphics and visualization  database and information systems  foundations of computer science  machine intelligence  programming languages  security  software engineering  systems programming this curriculum offers adventurous young women and men an excellent opportunity to be involved in a dynamic discipline that will continue to grow and to contribute significantly to progress in many other disciplines and ultimately to changes in human society that are nothing short of profound. computer science graduates pursue careers in animation and visualization, biotechnology, computational finance, computer graphics, consulting, information security, wireless systems, and software engineering. many also go on to graduate or professional school in areas such as business, law, or medicine. students learn communication skills, teamwork, and problem-solving skills and acquire the necessary technical skills for positions in computing in nearly any industry. the purdue computer science department offers a bachelor of science (bs), a minor in computer science, or a 5-year combined bs/ms degree. the department also offers an honors program, a cs teaching endorsement for secondary education majors, and the opportunity to participate in the cooperative education program. last updated: aug 17, 2016 4:36 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: graduate program < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan graduate program goboiler internship online ms in cs phd recipients admission application steps requirements process useful links orientation curriculum doctoral master's program iscp professional master's cs&e stat/cs master's computational life sciences financial support assistantships fellowships current students ta handbook terms of assistantship resources first day in class policies evaluation teaching tips graduate program information welcome to the cs graduate program at purdue univerity - main campus! cs grad brochure (pdf)                                                                                                                                                                                                                 application form cs grad program overview (pdf) application steps to the phd and ms programs  application steps to the information security for computing professionals (iscp) program currently about 345 graduate students are enrolled in our graduate program. most of them receive financial support from purdue. our faculty consists of 54 members committed to experimental as well as theoretical research. doctoral program the doctoral program prepares students for research and teaching at the university level. regular courses are complemented with seminar courses, which allow students to investigate areas on the cutting edge of research. multidisciplinary activities that strengthen the impact of computation in other disciplines play an essential role. we offer concentrations in computational science and engineering (cs&e) and computational life sciences (cls). master's program the information security for computing professionals (iscp) program is designed for it professionals in industry or government who want to advance in technical security and privacy positions. it leads to a ms in cs with a concentration in information security. the online ms in cs provides working professionals an opportunity to earn a non-thesis ms in cs via distance learning. the on-campus ms in cs prepares students for a wide variety of careers. most of our graduates find employment with our corporate partners (cp). ﻿thesis ms non-thesis ms joint stat/cs concentration computational life sciences (cls) concentration computational science and engineering (cs&e) concentration goboiler international internship program this internship program targets domestic and international undergraduate students with specialization in computing. students who are interested in research and curious about graduate studies at purdue will benefit most from this opportunity. for more information go here research areas bioinformatics and computational biology computational science and engineering databases data mining distributed systems graphics and visualization information retrieval information security and assurance machine learning networking and operating systems programming languages and compilers software engineering theory of computing and algorithms facilities the department and its research groups are committed to providing state-of-the-art computing facilities for research and instrucional use. the facilities' staff provides top quality support for students, faculty and staff. direct access to the university's research facilities is available through information technology at purdue (itap).   contact us: grad-info@cs.purdue.edu last updated: sep 8, 2016 9:07 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: fall 2016 < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan future students academic progams undergraduate program graduate program courses pending changes upcoming semesters previous semesters canonical syllabi cs course requests (formerly registration) academic integrity policy study abroad professional practice co-op professional practice non-co-op professional practice computer science courses: fall 2016 undergraduate courses catalog title instructor time cs 11000 introduction to computers marta annette crowe time cs 15800 c programming alan bunning time cs 15900 programming applications for engineers william crum alan bunning time cs 17700 programming with multimedia objects vernon rego time cs 18000 problem solving and object-oriented programming buster dunsmore sunil prabhakar lorenzo martino time cs 18200 foundations of computer science ananth grama time cs 19000-le1 tools martynas kausas buster dunsmore caitlin kennedy shane w dewael time cs 19000-le2 tools buster dunsmore matthew g ess jay hankins time cs 19100 freshman resources seminar jamie l linville elizabeth n watts scott nelson desiree c. marmon ranjani l rao kevin b jones sally l. luzader faith c giordano adrian thomas time cs 23500 introduction to organizational computing gary mcfall time cs 24000 programming in c voicu popescu time cs 25000 computer architecture george adams time cs 25100 data structures and algorithms elisha sacks susanne e hambrusch time cs 25200 systems programming gustavo rodriguez-rivera time cs 29100 sophomore development seminar sally l. luzader time cs 30700 software engineering i buster dunsmore time cs 31400 numerical methods david gleich time cs 33400 fundamentals of computer graphics christoph hoffmann time cs 34800 information systems christopher clifton time cs 35200 compilers: principles and practice zhiyuan li time cs 35400 operating systems mathias payer time cs 35500 introduction to cryptography samuel wagstaff time cs 38100 introduction to the analysis of algorithms greg frederickson time cs 39000-cp0 competitive programming gustavo rodriguez-rivera time cs 39000-cpp c++ programming gustavo rodriguez-rivera time cs 39000-dm0 data mining & machine learning dan goldwasser time cs 39000-jav advanced java programming gustavo rodriguez-rivera time cs 39000-pyt python programming gustavo rodriguez-rivera time cs 39000-sl1 service learn outreach phil sands time cs 39000-sl2 service learning outreach phil sands time cs 39000-vra virtual reality applications gustavo rodriguez-rivera time cs 39100 junior resources seminar sally l. luzader time cs 39700 honors seminar samuel wagstaff time cs 40800 software testing xiangyu zhang time cs 42600 computer security aniket kate time cs 44800 introduction to relational database systems bharat bhargava time cs 47300 web information search and management jennifer neville time cs 47800 introduction to bioinformatics michael r. gribskov time cs 49000-le1 emerging topics & basics of cs bharat bhargava time cs 49000-le2 emerging topics & basics of cs bharat bhargava time cs 49000-le3 emerging topics & basics of cs bharat bhargava time cs 49000-sep software engr senior project buster dunsmore time graduate courses catalog title instructor time cs 50100 computing for science and engineering robert d. skeel time cs 50200 compiling and programming systems tiark rompf time cs 50300 operating systems douglas comer time cs 51400 numerical analysis suchuan (steven) dong time cs 51500 numerical linear algebra ahmed sameh time cs 52600 information security mike atallah time cs 52700 software security byoungyoung lee time cs 53500 interactive computer graphics daniel g. aliaga time cs 53600 data communication and computer networks kihong park time cs 54100 database systems mohammad sadoghi hamedani time cs 55500 cryptography hemanta maji time cs 56500 programming languages benjamin james delaware time cs 56900 introduction to robotic systems chun-sing george lee time cs 57300 data mining bruno ribeiro time cs 57800 statistical machine learning jean honorio time cs 57900 bioinformatics algorithms alex pothen time cs 58000 algorithm design, analysis, and implementation elena grigorescu time cs 59000-ai0 artificial intelligence elias bareinboim time cs 59000-bdm topics in big data management walid aref time cs 59000-cls computing for life sciences daisuke kihara time cs 59000-cpr computer-aided prog reasoning roopsha samanta time cs 59000-ftc fault tolerant comp sys dsgn saurabh bagchi time cs 59000-hlt hands-on learning theory jean honorio time cs 59000-msc mobile sensing, comp, and appl he wang time cs 59000-pwd passwords & human authenticatn jeremiah martin blocki time cs 59000-rnd random algo num linear algebra petros s drineas time cs 59000-sys systems security seminar mathias payer time cs 59100-rs2 res sem first yr gr student ninghui li time cs 59100-sec info sec&cybr crime sem hemanta maji time cs 59100-ta1 effective teaching in cs lorenzo martino time last updated: aug 15, 2016 1:23 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: study abroad < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan study abroad tsinghua university tohoku university university of new south wales university of queensland swedish royal institute of technology university of canterbury study abroad the computer science department is pleased to announce cooperation with universities in australia, china, japan, and sweden. with a semester of study abroad, you will satisfy graduation requirements. you will fulfill the language and culture requirement for the college of science (cos), and pre-approved courses will fulfill cs & cos requirements. most courses are taught in english, but also available in the language of each country. travel grants up to $3000 are available to many cs students. students interested in pursuing study abroad opportunities are encouraged to talk to their advisor. participating universities kth-swedish royal institute of technology, stockholm, sweden tsinghua university, beijing, china - photos tohoku university, japan university of canterbury, christchurch, new zealand university of new south wales, sydney, australia university of queensland, brisbane, australia last updated: apr 22, 2016 11:41 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: research < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan research associated research centers and institutes current research funding research seminars technical reports sp-gist home download people publications sponsors departmental research areas bioinformatics and computational biology cs faculty bareinboim, grama, kihara, pothen, qi, skeel, szpankowski courtesy faculty gribskov related links bioinformatics and computational biology, kihara bioinformatics lab computational science and engineering faculty gleich, grama, hoffmann, lucier, pothen, sacks, sameh, skeel, tricoche related links cse research group databases and data mining faculty aref, bertino, bhargava, clifton, elmagarmid, goldwasser, hambrusch, n. li, neville, prabhakar, ribeiro, si related links icds distributed systems faculty ﻿bhargava, eugster, gleich, grama, hosking, jagannathan, kate, park, rego, spafford, xu ﻿﻿courtesy faculty bagchi, hu ﻿related links friends, raid lab graphics and visualization ﻿faculty aliaga, hoffmann, popescu, sacks, tricoche ﻿﻿courtesy faculty anderson, ebert ﻿related links computer graphics and visualization lab information security and assurance faculty atallah, bertino, bhargava, clifton, fahmy, kate, n. li, maji, park, payer, prabhakar, rego, spafford, wagstaff, xu ﻿﻿courtesy faculty chaturvedi, dark, raskin ﻿related links cerias, ds^2, truse machine learning and information retrieval faculty bareinboim, clifton, gleich, goldwasser, honorio, neville, qi, ribeiro, si ﻿courtesy faculty cleveland networking and operating systems faculty comer, fahmy, park, payer, ribeiro, xu ﻿courtesy faculty vijaykumar related links friends, network systems lab, syn lab programming languages and compilers faculty eugster, goldwasser, hosking, jagannathan, z. li, payer, rompf, zhang ﻿﻿courtesy faculty lu, siskind ﻿related links s3 software engineering ﻿faculty dunsmore, eugster, mathur, rego, spafford, zhang ﻿related links serc theory of computing and algorithms ﻿faculty atallah, basu, frederickson, grigorescu, hambrusch, kate, maji, szpankowski ﻿courtesy faculty kais related links theory group last updated: mar 1, 2016 12:50 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: associated research centers and institutes < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan research associated research centers and institutes current research funding research seminars technical reports sp-gist home download people publications sponsors associated research centers and institutes institutes computing research institute centers cerias cyber center envision center indiana center for database systems purvac: purdue university regional visualization and analytics center center for science of information nsf science & technology center software engineering research center directory for associated centers and institutes last updated: nov 13, 2013 12:06 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: current research funding < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan research associated research centers and institutes current research funding research seminars technical reports sp-gist home download people publications sponsors current research funding aliaga, daniel g daniel g aliaga, eric t matson, julia m taylor, haiyan h zhang, and juan p wachs. collaborative research: i/ucrc for robots and sensors for the human well-being. national science foundation. 08/01/2014 - 07/31/2019 daniel g aliaga, eric t matson, julia m taylor, haiyan h zhang, and juan p wachs. collaborative research: i/ucrc for robots and sensors for the human well-being. national science foundation. 09/01/2015 - aref, walid g walid g aref. query processing and optimization in spatiotemporal database systems. umm al-qura university. 12/01/2014 - 11/30/2016 eugene h spafford, walid g aref, bharat bhargava, chris clifton, patrick t eugster, and arif ghafoor. northrop grumman option year 7 funding for cerias. northrop grumman corporation. 08/24/2015 - 08/31/2016 atallah, mikhail j mikhail j atallah, jitesh h panchal, and karthik ramani. cps: synergy: foundations of cyber-physical infrastructure for creative design and making of cyber-physical products. national science foundation. 08/15/2013 - 08/14/2017 bertino, elisa elisa bertino. monitoring dbms activity for detecting data exfiltration byinsiders. northrop grumman space technology. 10/01/2013 - 09/30/2016 elisa bertino and peter n baker. cici: data provenance: collaborative research: cy-dir cyber-provenance infrastructure for sensor-based data-intensive research. national science foundation. 01/01/2016 - 12/31/2018 elisa bertino. cici: secure data architecture: collaborative research: amdn framework for secure scientific collaboration. national science foundation. 01/01/2016 - 12/31/2018 elisa bertino. monitoring dbms activity for detecting data exfiltration byinsiders-change notice no. 03. northrop grumman space technology. 09/18/2015 - bhargava, bharat bharat bhargava. engineering security and performance aware vehicular applications for safer and smarter roads. qatar university. 01/01/2015 - 12/31/2017 eugene h spafford, walid g aref, bharat bhargava, chris clifton, patrick t eugster, and arif ghafoor. northrop grumman option year 7 funding for cerias. northrop grumman corporation. 08/24/2015 - 08/31/2016 clifton, chris eugene h spafford, walid g aref, bharat bhargava, chris clifton, patrick t eugster, and arif ghafoor. northrop grumman option year 7 funding for cerias. northrop grumman corporation. 08/24/2015 - 08/31/2016 eugster, patrick t patrick t eugster. twc: small: practical assured big data processing in the cloud. national science foundation. 08/01/2014 - 07/31/2017 eugene h spafford, walid g aref, bharat bhargava, chris clifton, patrick t eugster, and arif ghafoor. northrop grumman option year 7 funding for cerias. northrop grumman corporation. 08/24/2015 - 08/31/2016 patrick t eugster. vol. support - hewlett packard. hewlett packard. 03/03/2016 - patrick t eugster. fy1617 prf research grant. purdue university. 06/01/2016 - 05/31/2019 felisberto martins ribeiro, bruno bruno felisberto martins ribeiro. discovering network processes in time-evolving networks. raytheon. 04/01/2016 - 09/30/2016 gleich, david f david f gleich. career- modern numerical matrix methods for network and graph computations. national science foundation. 05/01/2012 - 04/30/2017 david f gleich. iii: small: multi-dimensional spectral clustering of multi-way data and networks with tensor eigenvectors. national science foundation. 07/01/2014 - 06/30/2017 wojciech szpankowski, david f gleich, ananth y grama, jennifer l neville, doraiswami ramkrishna, ruben c aguilar, and mark d ward. emerging frontiers of science of information. national science foundation. 08/01/2015 - 07/31/2020 david f gleich. miner: multimodal networks: a general representational language applied to bio-medical hypothesis generation and validation. stanford university. 03/01/2015 - 05/31/2018 david f gleich, ananth y grama, and ahmed h sameh. fault oblivious computations. energy, u.s. department of. 08/01/2015 - 07/31/2018 david f gleich, ananth y grama, and jennifer l neville. bigdata: f: models, algorithms, and software for spatial-relational networks. national science foundation. 09/01/2015 - 08/31/2019 david f gleich. swept time-space domain decomposition rule for breaking thelatency barrier. massachusetts institute of technology. 09/01/2015 - 08/31/2018 david f gleich. vol supt - waw 2015. microsoft corporation. 06/30/2015 - wojciech szpankowski, david f gleich, ananth y grama, jennifer l neville, doraiswami ramkrishna, and mark d ward. emerging frontiers of science of information. national science foundation. 03/17/2016 - david f gleich. career- modern numerical matrix methods for network and graph computations. national science foundation. 05/18/2016 - david f gleich, ananth y grama, and ahmed h sameh. fault oblivious computations. energy, u.s. department of. 06/15/2016 - grama, ananth y ananth y grama. csr: small: software infrastructure for incremental/online analytics. national science foundation. 08/01/2014 - 07/31/2017 ananth y grama, douglas j lacount, and ernesto s nakayasu. emerging virus-host cell protein interaction networks. phs-nih nat inst allergy infectious dis. 07/01/2015 - 06/30/2020 wojciech szpankowski, david f gleich, ananth y grama, jennifer l neville, doraiswami ramkrishna, ruben c aguilar, and mark d ward. emerging frontiers of science of information. national science foundation. 08/01/2015 - 07/31/2020 ananth y grama and wojciech szpankowski. theoretical foundations and software infrastructure for biological network databases. case western reserve university. 04/01/2015 - 03/31/2018 ananth y grama. xps: expl: sda: scalable concurrency control techniques fordistributed systems. national science foundation. 08/01/2015 - 07/31/2018 david f gleich, ananth y grama, and ahmed h sameh. fault oblivious computations. energy, u.s. department of. 08/01/2015 - 07/31/2018 ananth y grama, somali chaterji, and saurabh bagchi. continued development and maintenance of the mg-rast metagenomics pipeline. national institutes of health. 10/01/2015 - 09/30/2020 ananth y grama, douglas j lacount, and ernesto s nakayasu. emerging virus-host cell protein interaction networks. phs-nih nat inst allergy infectious dis. 05/04/2015 - 03/31/2020 david f gleich, ananth y grama, and jennifer l neville. bigdata: f: models, algorithms, and software for spatial-relational networks. national science foundation. 09/01/2015 - 08/31/2019 ananth y grama, robert g cooks, eric l barker, zoltan nagy, and david h thompson. analytic-directed multi-scale synthesis system. defense advanced res projects agency. 01/01/2016 - 12/31/2019 ananth y grama and douglas j lacount. emerging virus-host cell protein interaction networks. phs-nih nat inst allergy infectious dis. 04/01/2016 - 03/31/2017 wojciech szpankowski, david f gleich, ananth y grama, jennifer l neville, doraiswami ramkrishna, and mark d ward. emerging frontiers of science of information. national science foundation. 03/17/2016 - david f gleich, ananth y grama, and ahmed h sameh. fault oblivious computations. energy, u.s. department of. 06/15/2016 - grigorescu, elena elena grigorescu. fy1617 prf research grant. purdue university. 06/01/2016 - 05/31/2019 hambrusch, susanne e susanne e hambrusch, john t korb, and james d lehman. cs 10k: leading the way to cs10k: assessing a just-in-time professional development approach for teacher knowledge growth in computer science. michigan state university. 08/01/2014 - 09/30/2016 susanne e hambrusch. vol. support - ignitecs program. tides foundation. 03/04/2016 - hoffmann, christoph m christoph m hoffmann. collaborative research: geometric interoperability: foundations and systems. national science foundation. 08/01/2014 - 07/31/2017 hosking, antony l antony l hosking, t n vijaykumar, milind kulkarni, samuel p midkiff, vijay s pai, and mithuna s thottethodi. ii-new: a cluster of nodes with 32 cores and 256-gb memory to enable manycore systems research and education. national science foundation. 07/01/2014 - 06/30/2017 antony l hosking. shf:medium:collaborative research:micro virtual machines for managed languages abstraction, contained. national science foundation. 06/01/2014 - 05/31/2018 jagannathan, suresh suresh jagannathan and jan vitek. shf:small: havoc: verified compilation of concurrent managed languages. national science foundation. 09/01/2013 - 08/31/2016 suresh jagannathan. darpa ipa - suresh jagannathan. defense advanced res projects agency. 09/27/2015 - 09/26/2016 li, ninghui ninghui li and robert w proctor. north carolina state university science of security lablet. north carolina state university. 01/01/2014 - 12/31/2016 ninghui li. correct enforcement of access control policy in modern operating systems. indiana university. 03/01/2016 - 02/28/2019 ninghui li. north carolina state university science of security lablet - amend 3 for grant 107122. north carolina state university. 12/11/2015 - ninghui li and robert w proctor. north carolina state university science of security lablet - amend 5: (grant 107122). north carolina state university. 04/21/2016 - ninghui li. fy1617 prf research grant. purdue university. 06/01/2016 - 05/31/2019 li, zhiyuan zhiyuan li. xps:expl:dsd: language abstraction, annotation, compiler optimization techniques for efficient cfd computation. national science foundation. 09/01/2015 - 08/31/2017 maji, hemanta k hemanta k maji. crii: satc: computational correlations: a new tool for cryptography. national science foundation. 04/01/2016 - 03/31/2018 neville, jennifer l jennifer l neville. career: machine learning methods to support computational social science. national science foundation. 01/01/2012 - 12/31/2016 wojciech szpankowski, david f gleich, ananth y grama, jennifer l neville, doraiswami ramkrishna, ruben c aguilar, and mark d ward. emerging frontiers of science of information. national science foundation. 08/01/2015 - 07/31/2020 david f gleich, ananth y grama, and jennifer l neville. bigdata: f: models, algorithms, and software for spatial-relational networks. national science foundation. 09/01/2015 - 08/31/2019 wojciech szpankowski, david f gleich, ananth y grama, jennifer l neville, doraiswami ramkrishna, and mark d ward. emerging frontiers of science of information. national science foundation. 03/17/2016 - jennifer l neville. investigating the impact of graph structure and attribute correlation on the performance of collective classification models. massachusetts inst of tech lincoln lab. 05/16/2016 - 08/12/2016 jennifer l neville. career: machine learning methods to support computational social science. national science foundation. 06/17/2016 - payer, mathias j mathias j payer. crii: satc: lockdown: guarded control-flow and data privacyfor sensitive data. national science foundation. 07/01/2015 - 06/30/2017 mathias j payer. twc:ttp option:medium:collaborative:encore - enhanced program protection through compiler-rewriter cooperation. national science foundation. 07/01/2015 - 06/30/2018 popescu, voicu s voicu s popescu and nicoletta adamo-villani. connecting mathematical ideas through animated multimodal instruction. university of wisconsin-madison. 06/01/2013 - 05/31/2017 voicu s popescu and juan p wachs. see-what-i-do: increasing mentor and trainee sense of co-presence in trauma surgeries with the star platform. army medical research acquisition activ. 02/01/2014 - 01/31/2019 pothen, alex alex pothen. eager: approximation algorithms for b-matching and b-edge covers. national science foundation. 09/01/2015 - 12/31/2016 alex pothen. vol. support intel. intel corporation. 05/10/2016 - prabhakar, sunil k sunil k prabhakar, alok r chaturvedi, and tahira reid. dynamic data driven operator error early warning system. air force office of scientific research. 01/01/2014 - 12/31/2016 sunil k prabhakar. cs - srg. prf summer research grants. 05/01/2016 - 08/30/2016 sunil k prabhakar. cs - srg. prf summer research grants. 05/01/2016 - 08/30/2016 qi, yuan yuan qi. career: scalable bayesian learning for multi-source and multi-aspect data. national science foundation. 01/01/2012 - 12/31/2016 yuan qi and saurabh bagchi. nets: medium: collaborative research: tango: performance and fault management in cellular networks through device-network cooperation. national science foundation. 07/15/2014 - 07/14/2018 yuan qi and saurabh bagchi. nets: medium: collaborative research: tango: performance and fault management in cellular networks. national science foundation. 10/05/2015 - rompf, tiark tiark rompf. career: generative programming and dsls for safe performance critical systems. national science foundation. 01/01/2016 - 12/31/2020 sacks, elisha p elisha p sacks. af:small:collaborative research:making computational geometry polynomial in derivation length and in dimension. national science foundation. 06/01/2015 - 05/31/2018 elisha p sacks. robust solid modeling for process modeling applications. intel corporation. 01/01/2016 - 12/31/2016 sameh, ahmed h david f gleich, ananth y grama, and ahmed h sameh. fault oblivious computations. energy, u.s. department of. 08/01/2015 - 07/31/2018 david f gleich, ananth y grama, and ahmed h sameh. fault oblivious computations. energy, u.s. department of. 06/15/2016 - si, luo dongyan xu, luo si, and xiangyu zhang. a tale of two systems: bridging statistical learning and formal reasoning for cyber attack detection. office of naval research. 06/01/2014 - 05/31/2017 luo si. a formal learning framework for detecting compromised web user accounts with evidence from heterogeneous sources. yahoo inc. 09/01/2014 - 08/31/2019 dongyan xu, luo si, and xiangyu zhang. a tale of two systems: bridging statistical learning and formal reasoning for cyber attack detection. office of naval research. 04/11/2016 - spafford, eugene h eugene h spafford, walid g aref, bharat bhargava, chris clifton, patrick t eugster, and arif ghafoor. northrop grumman option year 7 funding for cerias. northrop grumman corporation. 08/24/2015 - 08/31/2016 szpankowski, wojciech wojciech szpankowski, david f gleich, ananth y grama, jennifer l neville, doraiswami ramkrishna, ruben c aguilar, and mark d ward. emerging frontiers of science of information. national science foundation. 08/01/2015 - 07/31/2020 ananth y grama and wojciech szpankowski. theoretical foundations and software infrastructure for biological network databases. case western reserve university. 04/01/2015 - 03/31/2018 wojciech szpankowski. supplement for stc graduate student / post doc career development workshops: coaching and skills-building. national science foundation. 09/01/2014 - 08/31/2016 wojciech szpankowski. cif:small: towards structural information. national science foundation. 07/15/2015 - 07/14/2018 wojciech szpankowski, david f gleich, ananth y grama, jennifer l neville, doraiswami ramkrishna, and mark d ward. emerging frontiers of science of information. national science foundation. 03/17/2016 - tricoche, xavier m xavier m tricoche. career: efficient structural analysis of multivariate fields for scalable visualization. national science foundation. 07/01/2012 - 06/30/2017 xu, dongyan dongyan xu and xiangyu zhang. twc: medium: collaborative: towards a binary-centric framework for cyber forensics in enterprise environments. national science foundation. 09/01/2014 - 08/31/2017 dongyan xu, luo si, and xiangyu zhang. a tale of two systems: bridging statistical learning and formal reasoning for cyber attack detection. office of naval research. 06/01/2014 - 05/31/2017 xiangyu zhang and dongyan xu. radar: recovering from attacks with deep architecture randomization. vencore labs inc. 06/01/2015 - 05/31/2017 xiangyu zhang and dongyan xu. transparent computing. sri international. 07/01/2015 - 06/30/2019 dongyan xu, xiangyu zhang, timothee l pourpoint, maureen c mccann, rakesh agrawal, peter a bermel, james e dietz, suresh v garimella, hilkka i kenttamaa, gozdem kilaz, vilas g pol, pankaj sharma, rodney w trice, justin a weibel, clifford j wojtalewicz, peide ye, and jeffrey p youngblood. neptune center for power and energy research. office of naval research. 09/01/2015 - 08/31/2017 dongyan xu. a tale of two systems: bridging statistical learning and formal reasoning for cyber attack detection. office of naval research. 01/14/2016 - dongyan xu, luo si, and xiangyu zhang. a tale of two systems: bridging statistical learning and formal reasoning for cyber attack detection. office of naval research. 04/11/2016 - zhang, xiangyu dongyan xu and xiangyu zhang. twc: medium: collaborative: towards a binary-centric framework for cyber forensics in enterprise environments. national science foundation. 09/01/2014 - 08/31/2017 dongyan xu, luo si, and xiangyu zhang. a tale of two systems: bridging statistical learning and formal reasoning for cyber attack detection. office of naval research. 06/01/2014 - 05/31/2017 xiangyu zhang and dongyan xu. radar: recovering from attacks with deep architecture randomization. vencore labs inc. 06/01/2015 - 05/31/2017 xiangyu zhang and dongyan xu. transparent computing. sri international. 07/01/2015 - 06/30/2019 dongyan xu, xiangyu zhang, timothee l pourpoint, maureen c mccann, rakesh agrawal, peter a bermel, james e dietz, suresh v garimella, hilkka i kenttamaa, gozdem kilaz, vilas g pol, pankaj sharma, rodney w trice, justin a weibel, clifford j wojtalewicz, peide ye, and jeffrey p youngblood. neptune center for power and energy research. office of naval research. 09/01/2015 - 08/31/2017 dongyan xu, luo si, and xiangyu zhang. a tale of two systems: bridging statistical learning and formal reasoning for cyber attack detection. office of naval research. 04/11/2016 - last updated: oct 31, 2013 9:51 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: research seminars < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan research associated research centers and institutes current research funding research seminars technical reports sp-gist home download people publications sponsors research seminars computer science colloquim  seminar hosted by computer science  bioinformatics seminar series a weekly seminar organized by the statistics department. cerias security seminar a weekly seminar held on wednesdays at 4:30. it features speakers from outside purdue as well as local speakers on topics relating to information security. graphics seminar a seminar held at lunch time that occurs throughout the semester. last updated: jul 14, 2016 12:00 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.department of computer science technical reports | department of computer science | purdue university
 home search browse collections my account about digital commons network™ skip to main content purdue e-pubs home about faq my account home > sci > comp_sci > cstech department of computer science technical reports   submit technical report your tr # will be assigned by an administrator after your submission is made. if a tr # is needed prior to submission, please email your request to tr-request@cs.purdue.edu. you will be notified by email as soon as your tr has been added to the site. index submissions from 2016 2016 pdf a testing platform for teaching secure distributed systems programming, endadul hoque, hyojeong lee, charles killian, and cristina nita-rotaru (16-002) link safe memory regions for big data processing, gowtham kaki, g ramalingam, kapil vaswani, and dimitrios vytiniotis (16-001) submissions from 2015 2015 pdf vhaul: towards optimal scheduling of live multi-vm migration for multi-tier applications, hui lu, cong xu, cheng cheng, ramana kompella, and dongyan xu (15-001) pdf pay-as-you-go feedback in data quality systems, romila pradhan, siarhei bykau, and sunil prabhakar (15-003) link declarative programming over eventually consistent data stores, kc sivaramakrishnan, gowtham kaki, and suresh jagannathan (15-002) submissions from 2014 2014 pdf an animation stimuli system for research on instructor gestures in education, jian cui, voicu popescu, nicoletta adamo-villan, susan cook, katherine duggan, and howard friedman (14-001) pdf constructing separating halfspaces for plane/quadric and quadric/quadric intersection, christoph m. hoffmann and neelam jasuja (14-003) link a relational framework for higher-order shape analysis, gowtham kaki and suresh jagannathan (14-002) pdf composable scheduler activations for haskell, kc sivaramakrishnan, tim harris, simon marlow, and simon peyton jones (14-004) submissions from 2013 2013 pdf pg-puremd: a parallel-gpu reactive molecular dynamics package, sudhir b. kylasa, hasan aktulga, and ananth grama (13-004) pdf robust polyhedral minkowski sums with gpu implementation, min-ho kyung, elisha p. sacks, and victor milenkovic (13-001) pdf systematic identification of tor downstream effectors using random-walks on the yeast interactome, shahin mohammadi, ananth grama, and shankar subramaniam (12-011) pdf technical report: increasing network resiliency by optimally assigning diverse variants to routing nodes, andrew j. newell, daniel obenshain, thomas tantillo, cristina nita-rotaru, and yair amir (13-002) pdf jumbo frames or not: that is the question!, pawan prakash, myungjin lee, y. charlie hu, ramana rao kompella, twitter inc., and twitter inc. (13-006)   robust free space computation for curved planar bodies, elisha p. sacks, victor milenkovic, and steven trac (13-003) submissions from 2012 2012 pdf white box sampling in uncertain data processing enabled by program analysis, tao bao, yunhui zheng, and xiangyu zhang (12-002) pdf phishlive: a view of phishing and malware attacks from an edge router, lianjie cao, thibaut probst, and ramana kompella (12-007) pdf an ensemble model for collective classification that reduces learning and inference variance, hoda eldardiry and jennifer neville (12-003) pdf cobweb: a system for automated in-network cobbling of web service traffic, hitesh khandelwal, fang hao, sarit mukherjee, ramana rao kompella, and t.v. lakshman (12-005) pdf fast parallel algorithms for graph similarity and matching, georgios kollias, madan sathe, olaf schenk, and ananth grama (12-010) pdf puremd-gpu: a reactive molecular dynamic simulation package for gpus, sudhir b. kylasa, ananth grama, and hasan aktulga (13-005) pdf tied kronecker product graph models to capture variance in network populations, sebastian moreno, jennifer neville, and sergey kirshner (12-012) pdf trustworthy data from untrusted databases, sunil prabhakar and rohit jain (12-008) pdf similarity-aware query processing and optimization, yasin n. silva, walid g. aref, per-ake larson, and mohamed h. ali (12-006) pdf vslicer: latency-aware virtual machine scheduling via differentiated-frequency cpu slicing, cong xu; sahan gamage; oawab b, rao; ardalan kangarlou; ramana rao kompella; and dongyan xu (12-001) submissions from 2011 2011 pdf network sampling via edge-based node selection with graph induction, nesreen ahmed, jennifer neville, and ramana rao kompella (11-016) pdf using past queries for resource selection in distributed information retrieval, sulleyman cetintas, luo si, and hao yuan (11-012) pdf on the efficacy of fine-grained traffic splitting protocols in data center networks, advait dixit, pawan prakash, and ramana rao kompella (11-011) pdf opportunistic flooding to improve tcp transmit performance in virtualized clouds, sahan gamage, ardalan kangarlou, ramana rao kompella, and dongyan xu (11-014)   c-lock: dynamic lock-coalescing for latency-sensitive distributed locking, adnan hassan, naresh rapolu, ananth y. grama, and wojciech szpankowski (11-008) pdf geometric interoperability for resilient manufacturing, christoph m. hoffmann, vadim shapiro, and vijay srinivasan (11-015) pdf network similarity decomposition (nsd): a fast and scalable approach to network alignment, giorgos kollias, ananth y. grama, and shahin mohammadi (11-001) pdf leave them microseconds alone: scalable architecture for maintaining packet latency measurements, myungjin lee, nick duffield, and ramana rao kompella (11-013) pdf structured comparative analysis of systems logs to diagnose performance problems, karthik nagaraj, jennifer neville, and charles killian (11-020) pdf query processing in private data outsourcing using anonymization, ahmet erhan nergiz and chris clifton (11-004) pdf methods to determine node centrality and clustering in graphs with uncertain structure, joseph j. pfeiffer iii and jennifer neville (11-010) pdf the tcp outcast problem: exposing unfairness in data center networks, pawan prakash, advait dixit, y. charlie hu, and ramana rao kompella (11-019) pdf featherweight threads for communication, kc sivaramakrishnan, lukasz ziarek, and suresh jagannathan pdf detecting inconsistencies in private data with secure function evaluation, nilothpal talukder, mourad ouzzani, ahmed k. elmagarmid, and mohamed yakout (11-006) pdf privacy preserving regression residual analysis, john ross wallrabenstein and chris clifton (11-017) pdf accentuating the positive: atomicity inference and enforcement using correct executions, dasarath weeratunge, xiangyu zhang, and suresh jagannathan (11-002) pdf sparse matrix-variate t process blockmodels, zenglin xu, feng yan, and yuan qi (11-005) submissions from 2010 2010 pdf vsnoop: improving tcp throughput in virtualized environments via acknowledgement offload, ardalan kangarlou, sahan gamage, ramana rao kompella, and dongyan xu (10-003) pdf one stack to run them all reducing concurrent analysis to sequential analysis under priority scheduling, nicholas kidd, suresh jagannathan, and jan vitek (10-005) pdf finecomb: measuring microscopic latencies and losses in the presence of reordering, myungjin lee, sharon goldberg, ramana rao kompella, and george varghese (10-009) pdf revisiting overlay multicasting for the cloud, karthik nagaraj, hitesh khandelwal, charles killian, and ramana rao kompella (10-011) pdf path-sensitive analysis using edge strings, armand navabi, nicholas kidd, and suresh jagannathan (10-006) pdf generalizations with probability distributions for data anonymization, mehmet ercan nergiz, suleyman cetintas, ahmet erhan nergiz, and ferit akova (10-013) pdf correcting bias in statistical tests for network classifier evaluation, jennifer neville, tao wang, brian gallagher, and tina eliassi-rad (10-012) pdf transactional support in mapreduce for speculative parallelism, naresh rapolu, karthik kambatla, suresh jagannathan, and ananth y. grama (10-001) pdf memory indexing and its use in automated debugging, william summer and xiangyu zhang (10-010) pdf analyzing concurrency bugs using dual slicing, dasarath weeratunge, xiangyu zhang, william summer, and suresh jagannathan pdf lightweight task graph inference for distributed applications, bin xin, patrick eugster, xiangyu zhang, and jinlin yang (10-002) pdf isolates: serializability enforcement for concurrent ml, lukasz ziarek, armand navabi, and suresh jagannathan (10-007) pdf composable asynchronous events, lukasz ziarek, kc sivaramakrishnan, and suresh jagannathan (10-008) submissions from 2009 2009 pdf supporting real-world activities in database management systems, mohamed eltabakh, walid g. aref, ahmed k. elmagarmid, yasin laura-silva, and mourad ouzzani (09-001) pdf on the modification of an eigenvalue problem that preserves an eigenspace, maxim maumov (09-004) pdf a statistical method for integrated data cleaning and imputation, chris mayfield, jennifer neville, and sunil prabhakar (09-008) pdf homomorphic encryption based k-out-of-n oblivious transfer protocols, mummoorthy murugesan, wei jiang, erhan nergiz, and serkan uzunbaz (09-007) pdf non-pinhole imposters, voicu popescu, kyle hayward, paul rosen, and chris wyman (09-006) pdf identifying interesting instances for probabilistic skylines, yinian qi and mikhail j. atallah (09-009) pdf a network-aware distributed membership protocol for collaborative defense, david zage, carl livadas, and eve m. schooler (09-005) submissions from 2008 2008 pdf interactive reconfiguration of urban layouts, daniel g. aliaga, bedrich benes, carlos a. vanegas, and nathan andrysco (08-003) pdf energy-efficient peer-to-peer caching and mobility management in 4g hybrid networks, mehdi azami and bharat bhargava (08-030) pdf accurate localization of low-level radioactive source under noise and measurement errors, jren-chit chin, david k.y. yau, nageswara s. v. rao, yong yang, and chris y.t. ma (08-012) pdf secure high-throughput multicast routing in wireless mesh networks, jing dong, reza burtmola, and cristina nita-rotaru (08-014) pdf preserving privacy and fairness in peer data management systems, hazen elmeleegy, ahmed abusalah, mourad ouzzani, and ahmed k. elmagarmid (08-025) pdf chameleon: context-awareness inside dbmss, hicham g. elmongui, walid g. aref, and mohamed f. mokbel (08-028) pdf incremental mining for frequent patterns in evolving time series datatabases, mohamed y. eltabakh, mourad ouzzani, mohamed a. khalil, walid g. aref, and ahmed k. elmagarmid (08-020) pdf elimination of subjectivity from trust recommendation, omas hasan, lionel brunie, jean-marc pierson, and elisa bertino (08-008) pdf t-plausibility: semantic preserving text sanitization, wei jiang, mummoorthy murugesan, chris clifton, and luo si (08-024) pdf the decay rate of the solution to a tridiagonal linear system with a very special right hand side, carl christian kjelgaard mikkelsen (08-021) pdf practical strengthening of preconditions, ashish kundu and patrick eugster (08-029) pdf ajaxtracker: a tool for high fidelity characterization of ajax applications, myungjin lee, sumeet singh, and ramana rao kompella (08-019) pdf deriving input syntactic structure from execution and its applications, zhiqiang lin and xiangyu zhang (08-006) pdf exceptionally safe futures, armand navabi and suresh jagannathan (08-027) pdf self-tuning query mesh for adaptive multi-route query processing, rimma v. nehme, elke a. rundersteiner, and elisa bertino (08-018) pdf query mesh: an efficient multi-route approach to query optimization, rimma v. nehme, karen works, elke a. rundensteiner, and elisa bertino (08-009) pdf towards trajectory anonymization: a generalization-based approach, mehmet ercan nergiz, maurizo atzori, and yucel saygin (08-015) pdf generalizations with probability distributions for data anonymization, m. ercan nergiz, suleyman cetintas, and ferit akova (08-001) pdf s-presence without complete world knlowedge, m. ercan nergiz and chris clifton (08-016) pdf multirelational k-anonymity, n. ercan nergiz, chris clifton, and a. erhan nergiz (08-002) pdf the graph camera, paul rosen, voicu popescu, and nicoletta adamo-villani (08-005) pdf a framework for efficient class-based sampling, mohit saxena and ramana rao kompella (08-022) pdf 'won't you be my neighbor?' neighbor selection attacks in mesh-based peer-to-peer streaming, jeff seibert, davied zae, sonia fahmy, and cristina nita-rotaru (08-004) pdf automatic failure inducing chain computation through aligned execution comparison, william n. sumner and xiangyu zhang (08-023) pdf record linkage based on entities' behavior, mohamed yakout, ahmed k. elmagarmid, hazen elmeleegy, and mourad ouzzani (08-026) pdf quality of monitoring of stochastic events by proportional-share mobile sensor coverage, david k.y. yau, nung kwan yip, chris y. t. ma, nageswara s. rao, and mallikarjun shankar (08-011) pdf fibonacci modeling of malware propagation, yu zhang and bharat bhargava (08-017) submissions from 2007 2007 pdf this message will self-destruct: self-easing covert communication, mikhail j. atallah, mercan topkara, and umut topkara (07-011) pdf scalable data collection in dense wireless sensor networks, asad awan, suresh jagannathan, and ananth y. grama (07-018) pdf bsmr: byzantine-resilient secure multicast routing in multi-hop wireless networks, reza curtmola and cristina nita-rotaru (07-005) pdf virtual classroom extension for effective distance education, radu dondera, chun jia, voicu popescu, cristina nita-rotaru, and melissa dark (07-001) pdf securing virtual coordinate system based routing in wireless sensor networks, jing dong, brett bavar, and cristina nita-rotaru (07-009) pdf enabling confidentiality for group communication in wireless mesh networks, jing dong and cristina nita-rotaru (07-010) pdf supporting annotated relations, m. y. eltabakh, m. ouzzani, walid g. aref, ahmed k. elmagarmid, and y. laura-silva (07-025) pdf supporting views in data stream management system, thanaa m. ghanem, walid g. aref, ahmed k. elmagarmid, and per-ake larson (07-024) pdf aspects and exception handling: the case of explicit join points, kevin hoffman and patrick eugster (07-017) pdf a survey of attacks on reputation systems, kevin hoffman, david zage, and cristina nita-rotaru (07-013) pdf compact real-time modeling of seated humans by video sprite sequence quantization, chun jia and voicu popescu (07-002)   page 1 of 18 1 2 3 4 5 6 7     enter search terms: select context to search: in this series in this repository across all repositories advanced search   notify me via email or rss links for authors submit research policies and help documentation author addendum links purdue libraries purdue university press journals browse collections disciplines authors   digital commons home | about | policies and help | my account | accessibility statementpurdue university :: computer science :: alumni & friends < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan alumni & friends distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch welcome purdue computer science alumni & friends! thank you for visiting us, and keeping us in mind! the support computer science receives from its alumni and friends is invaluable. not only do you contribute by funding scholarships, fellowships, student programs, and the computer science department in general, but you often give of your time and talent to help inspire and augment the experiences of our students. as one of president mitch daniels’ “big moves”, the department of computer science is poised to be in the limelight on campus and nationally. we will be expanding our student base, our faculty, and our scope of research to include important fields like cyber-sustainability. this is a new field that partners us with the college of agriculture to transform all the data collected by farm equipment into real-world solutions for developing nations. these are exciting times in the department of computer science and we invite you to be engaged and involved as we launch our next 50 years! how can you help us change the world? i look forward to hearing from you! hail purdue!  becky spears, bs '06, ms '10 director of development office 765-494-6019 cell 850-559-1298 bmspears@prf.org last updated: jun 1, 2016 3:13 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: distinguished alumnus < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan alumni & friends distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch 2016 distinguished alumnus dr. peng-siu mei ph.d. 1971, computer science after an outstanding career and a lifetime of community leadership, peng-siu mei was presented with the cs department’s highest award and named distinguished alumnus of 2016, during a reception held at the lawson computer science building on friday (april15). peng’s life mirrors the words of malvolio in william shakespeare’s twelfth night who said, “some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.” the self-proclaimed “accidental entrepreneur” shared the story of his ‘accidental’ rise to success during a presentation (of the same title) he made to faculty, students, staff and friends of the department. before earning his ph.d. from the cs department in 1971, peng earned his a.b. in mathematics from harvard in 1959, and an m.s. in mathematics from brown in 1962. peng’s achievements have been innumerable, since he left the west lafayette campus. early in his career, from 1957 to 1973, he worked for honeywell information systems. during this time, he held a number of technical and management positions, which spanned computer systems development, software development, advanced product research, and product planning. after his work with honeywell, peng joined teradyne, inc. in 1973 where he designed and delivered computer controlled systems to test automotive electronic modules. during this time, he also managed engineers and programmers to develop computer-controlled systems to test integrated circuits. from 1976 through 1979, peng went on to serve as vice president and general manager of sesa, inc., the u.s. subsidiary of an international systems firm. his responsibilities included directing the development and marketing of minicomputer-based systems with applications in communications, manufacturing, reservation, building control, and general business. perhaps his most significant achievement occurred in 1979, when peng founded mei technology, a business initially started in his own basement, which grew over the years, employing nearly 300 employees by 1999, when he sold the company and retired. his company became a leader in the introduction and development of new computer technologies, and in particular, in the porting of old applications from old hardware to new off-the-shelf (more economical) systems.  peng’s awards are numerous. in 1987 and again in 1989, he received the outstanding minority business enterprise award from the research and special programs administration of the u.s. department of transportation. in 1990, he was recognized as the new england regional minority small business person of the year.  in 1994, he was named prime contractor of the year for the new england region, after being nominated by a prominent u.s. air force client. truly an impressive career history and admirable citizen, peng’s accomplishments are a bright reflection on the cs department. last updated: jun 27, 2016 9:37 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: past distinguished alumni < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan alumni & friends distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch past distinguished alumni 2015 mr. lee congdon 2014 mrs. anne schowe 2013 dr. lawrence landweber 2012 dr. larry peterson 2011 mr. david capka 2010 mr. thomas "curtis" holmes jr. 2009 dr. stuart zweben 2008 dr. daniel reed 2007 dr. william nylin 2006 dr. dorothy e. denning 2005 mr. curtis worsey 2004 dr. david k. schrader 2003 ms. beatrice yormark 2002 mr. h. richard lawson 2001 dr. michael c. thurk 2000 dr. michael farmwald 1999 dr. stephen j. tolopka 1998 dr. subhash agrawal 1997 dr. dennis m. conti 1996 mr. brian g. waters 1995 dr. kevin c. kahn 1994 ms. lorie l. strong 1993 dr. thomas j. aird  college of science distinguished alumni last updated: jun 27, 2016 9:11 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: outstanding alumni < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan alumni & friends distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch 2015 outstanding cs alumni cs honors three outstanding alumni of 2015 09-25-2015 writer(s): jesica e. hollinger three individuals were selected by the department of computer science to receive the prestigious honor of outstanding alumni of 2015. faculty, students, staff and friends of the department gathered to celebrate the achievements of hoi chang, rahul chari, and michael stoppelman, who were recognized in a ceremony held friday, september 25 in the richard and patricia lawson computer science building. the college of science will host a reception from 4 - 6 p.m. in the lawson commons to honor the 15 recipients selected from the seven areas of the college. purdue president mitch daniels will visit the reception at 4:30 p.m. and dean jeff roberts will recognize the outstanding alumni recipients at 5 p.m. [caption photo of alumni l-r: michael stoppelman, rahul chari, and hoi chang] hoi chang (m.s. ’98) (phd 2003) hoi earned both his master’s and his doctoral degrees from the department in 1998 and 2003. when hoi was a graduate student, he collaborated with mike atallah (his advising professor), john rice (professor emeritus) tim korb (former assistant head of the cs department), and eric davis (local entrepreneur) to establish arxan technologies. hoi is a co‐founder of the software company, which provides application‐hardening tools using technologies originated from his phd research. throughout his twelve‐year tenure with arxan, he served as chief software architect, and later was named vice president of technology for the company. he led the creation, design, and development of major products, which have received numerous awards from the industry and propelled the company to become a leader in the commercial application‐hardening space. ta associates, a large private equity firm acquired arxan in 2013. since then, hoi has turned to his passion of being an independent app developer, creating apps for general users. he has released apps on the mac app store, including his most recent (and highly rated) copy’em paste, which is a mac app for speeding up clipboard‐related workflows. rahul chari (m.s. 2001) rahul earned his master’s degree in 2001 and was advised by department head sunil prabhakar, while he was a student. rahul is the vice president of engineering for flipkart, which he joined in 2011 through the acquisition mallers inc. he currently spearheads the supply chain technology division and leads the charge to build the best-in-class supply chain management system for e-commerce covering order management, warehousing and transport management and ecommerce fulfillment innovation to create value for customers at flipkart. prior to flipkart, rahul co-founded mallers, inc. and served as its chief technology officer. he built mime360, the flagship product of mallers inc, which was a platform for management and distribution of digital content to various legal online streaming sites and apps. before his work with mallers, rahul worked at cisco systems, where he was part of the team that developed the market changing mds 9000 family of san switches. he has architected and executed the development of solutions, such as san based data migration and extended scsi copy for the san. rahul is named on multiple storage virtualization related patents and has been actively involved in storage technologies and standards such as scsi, fibre channel, iscsi and raid. michael stoppelman (b.s. 2003) michael earned his bachelor’s degree from the department in 2003.  in 2007, he joined yelp as a software engineer and rebuilt the company’s search engine. yelp develops, hosts and markets yelp.com and the yelp mobile app, which publishes crowd-sourced reviews about local businesses. yelp—the modern-day yellow pages—is used by millions of consumers everyday who seek reliable reviews and information, ranging in searches for the best restaurant to the most prominent cardiologist (in a specific area). michael has been promoted to several senior roles, during his career with the company.  as the current vice president of engineering, he is responsible for overseeing the company's rapidly expanding engineering team and leads the company's technical recruiting efforts. prior to his work with yelp, michael was a senior software engineer and tech lead for the adsense traffic quality team at google. last updated: oct 29, 2015 11:40 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: past outstanding alumni < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan alumni & friends distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch past outstanding alumni fall 2014 fall 2013 fall 2012 fall 2011 fall 2010 fall 2009 fall 2008 fall 2007 spring 2007 last updated: oct 29, 2015 11:18 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: opportunity update < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan the corporate partners program graduation survey internship survey partners program mycco cpp events opportunity update announcements employment events internships scholarships recruiter information cs career fair student info placement opportunity update career opportunities many companies looking for cs students - check out the details on cco express many companies, such as lexmark intl, playdom, epic systems, wolfram research, fedex, etc. are looking for cs students for full-time and internship positions. see their job listings and many others on cco express: https://www.cco.purdue.edu/student/ posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. employment software developer openings at qrm software developer openings at qrm posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. senior consultant position at kraft & kennedy senior consultant position at kraft & kennedy posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. precisionhawk looking for ios developer/software engineer precisionhawk looking for ios developer/software engineer posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. engineering positions at raytheon engineering positions at raytheon posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. entry-level developers openings at aptera entry-level developers openings at aptera posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. embedded software developer position at cimarron embedded software developer position at cimarron posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. prof in dept of nutrition science looking for students to help with a research study prof in dept of nutrition science looking for students to help with a research study posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. college of engineering looking for junior developer college of engineering looking for junior developer posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. undergraduate researcher wanted for mobile system software work undergraduate researcher wanted for mobile system software work posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. employment opportunities at 360it partners employment opportunities at 360it partners posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. it rotational opportunity at bender consulting services it rotational opportunity at bender consulting services posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. full-time opportunity with forsythe full-time opportunity with forsythe posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. htm tech support opening htm tech support opening posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. sivas language academy looking for computer coding instructors sivas language academy looking for computer coding instructors posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. web engineer position at spensa web engineer position at spensa posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. itap looking for application developer itap looking for application developer posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. wayfair employment opportunities, meet them at the computing fair, sept 8 wayfair employment opportunities, meet them at the computing fair, sept 8 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. nielsen recruiting for operations & technology emerging leaders & technologist programs nielsen recruiting for operations & technology emerging leaders & technologist programs posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. intern & full-time positions at cnh industrial intern & full-time positions at cnh industrial posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. new-grad software engineering position at thumbtack new-grad software engineering position at thumbtack posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. openings at drw & info session, sept 21 openings at drw & info session, sept 21 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. yahoo software developer openings yahoo software developer openings posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. iseek looking for software developer iseek looking for software developer posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. itap risque development group looking for student software developer itap risque development group looking for student software developer posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. mentors for aspiring girls in computing callout mentors for aspiring girls in computing callout posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. advanced analytics group in engility's space system has multiple intern & entry level positions advanced analytics group in engility's space system has multiple intern & entry level positions posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. liberty mutual entry-level and internship positions liberty mutual entry-level and internship positions posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. earn indiana (employer aid readiness network) state work-study program earn indiana (employer aid readiness network) state work-study program posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. job postings at techpoint job postings at techpoint posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. announcements congratulations cs may graduates - please complete a brief survey congratulations cs may graduates - please complete a brief survey posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. nasa's big idea challenge, notice of intent deadline sept 30 nasa's big idea challenge, notice of intent deadline sept 30 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. tell us about your internship experience tell us about your internship experience posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. nasa rasc-al competition seeks mars prototype ice drilling systems, oct 14 deadline nasa rasc-al competition seeks mars prototype ice drilling systems, oct 14 deadline posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. thinkb1g end of summer suggestions, employment opportunities at startups thinkb1g end of summer suggestions, employment opportunities at startups posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. cco inside track cco inside track posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. cymer llc attending ir 9/14, looking for cs students cymer llc attending ir 9/14, looking for cs students posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. mock career fair, sept 7 mock career fair, sept 7 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. usaa talk, sept 7 usaa talk, sept 7 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. cisco system skip the career fair line, sept 7 cisco system skip the career fair line, sept 7 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. aruba, a hp enterprise company info session, sept 12 aruba, a hp enterprise company info session, sept 12 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. spacex resume drop & info session, sept 12 spacex resume drop & info session, sept 12 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. coursera attending computing fair, sept 8 coursera attending computing fair, sept 8 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. events boeing company recruiting day & info session, sept 7 boeing company recruiting day & info session, sept 7 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. ge company recruiting day & info session, sept 8 ge company recruiting day & info session, sept 8 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. corporate partner resume review, sept 11 corporate partner resume review, sept 11 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. cs corporate partner mixer, sept 11 cs corporate partner mixer, sept 11 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. cs career fair, sept 12 cs career fair, sept 12 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. invitation to cs student research showcase, sept 12 invitation to cs student research showcase, sept 12 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. cerner career fair & resume prep, sept 8 hosted by cswn cerner career fair & resume prep, sept 8 hosted by cswn posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. hulu tech talk, sept 12 hulu tech talk, sept 12 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. yelp company recruiting day & info session, sept 13 yelp company recruiting day & info session, sept 13 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. harris company recruiting day & info session, sept 14 harris company recruiting day & info session, sept 14 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. dell emc company recruiting day & talk, sept 15 dell emc company recruiting day & talk, sept 15 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. national security agency codebreaker presentation, sept 15 national security agency codebreaker presentation, sept 15 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. internships pathmaker residential internship program pathmaker residential internship program posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. mykomms looking for students mykomms looking for students posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. interactive intelligence intern position interactive intelligence intern position posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. scholarships the law offices of steven m. sweat offering $1,000 scholarship, apply by dec 1 the law offices of steven m. sweat offering $1,000 scholarship, apply by dec 1 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. stewart j. guss third annual scholarship, application deadline march 15, 2017 stewart j. guss third annual scholarship, application deadline march 15, 2017 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. scholarship guide for cs majors scholarship guide for cs majors posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: phd by year < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan about us message from the head conte lecture series awards annual reports strategic plan diversity phd recipients history contact us cs calendars computer science ph.ds by year 2016 noor ahmed attack-resilient framework for distributed systems advisor: bharat bhargava mehdi azarmi end-to-end security in service-oriented architecture advisor: bharat bhargava syed naqvi efficient sparse bayesian learning using spike and slab priors advisor: yuan (alan) qi miguel navarro energy efficiency in data collection wireless sensor networks advisors: yao liang and zhiyuan li pinar yanardag information overload in structured data advisors: jennifer l. neville and vishwanathan swaminathan 2015 nesreen ahmed scaling up network analysis and mining: statistical sampling, estimation, and pattern discovery advisor: jennifer l. neville ahmed m. aly towards efficient processing of big spatial data advisor: walid g. aref ignacio garcia dorado smart cities: inverse procedural, traffic, and weather for 3d urban models advisor: daniel aliaga endadul hoque ensuring specification compliance, robustness, and security of wireless network protocols advisors: sonia fahmy and cristina nita-rotaru abram magner profiles of patricia tries advisor: wojciech szpankowski aaron wilkin efficient aggregated deliveries with strong guarantees in event-based distributed systems advisor: patrick t. eugster cong xu scheduling and functionality offloading advisor: dongyan xu mohammed almeshekah using deception to enhance security: a taxonomy, model and novel uses advisors: eugene h. spafford and mikhail j. atallah wei-chiu chuang a programming framework to ease development of tightly-coupled cloud applications advisors: dongyan xu and charles killian zhui deng binary instrumentation and transformation for software security applications advisor: dongyan xu zhongshu gu securing visualized system via active protection advisor: dongyan xu rohit ranchal cross-domain data dissemination and policy enforcement advisor: bharat bhargava ryan a. rossi improving relational machine learning by modeling temporal advisor: sunil k. prabhakar yao zhu parallel hybrid sparse linear system solvers with applications advisors: ahmed h. sameh and david gleich jian cui visibility computation through image generalization advisor: voicu popescu william culhane optimal "big data" aggregation systems - from theory to practical application advisor: patrick t. eugster alicia klinvex parallel symmetric eigenvalue problem solvers advisor: ahmed h. sameh wei peng on several problems regarding the application of opportunistic proximate links in smartphone networks advisors: xukai zou, feng li, and ninghui li joseph pfeiffer overcoming uncertainty for within-network relational machine learning advisor: jennifer l. neville naresh rapolu dynamic re-optimization techniques for stream processing engines and object stores advisor: ananth y. grama philip ritchey synthetic steganography: methods for generating and detecting covert channels in generated media advisor: vernon j. rego christine task privacy-preserving social network analysis advisor: christopher w. clifton qifan wang learning compact hashing codes with complex objectives from multiple sources for large scale similarity search advisor: luo si 2014 tao bao reliable data processing enabled by program analysis advisor: xiangyu zhang advait dixit techniques for improving the scalability of data center networks advisor: ramana kompella aditi gupta secure platforms for enforcing contextual access control advisor: elisa bertino rohit jain trustworthy data from untrusted databases advisor: sunil k. prabhakar kc sivaramakrishnan functional programming abstractions for weakly consistent systems advisor: suresh jagannathan hyojeong lee automated performance attack discovery in distributed system implementations advisors: charles killian and cristina nita-rotaru bin shen relation among images: modeling, optimization, and applications advisors: jan allebach and mikhail j. atallah yingchong situ scaling finite difference methods in large eddy simulation of jet engine noise to the petascale: numerical methods and their efficient and automated implementation advisors: zhiyuan li and ahmed h. sameh john ross wallrabenstein rational multiparty computation advisor: christopher w. clifton juan esquivel rodriguez computational modeling of macomolecular structures advisor: daisuke kihara ruchith fernando privacy in social messaging and identity management advisor: bharat bhargava christopher (chris) gates leveraging machine learning to detect abnormal behavior and communication risk advisor: ninghui li jaewoo lee achieving practical differential privacy advisor: christopher w. clifton kyu hyuang lee sebastian moreno araya network hypothesis testing for relational data advisor: jennifer l. neville andy newell resilient network design with network coding and diversity advisor: cristina nita-rotaru gregor richards gradual typing of real-world languages: enabling assurance while retaining dynamism advisor: jan vitek shumiao wang secure and private outsourcing to untrusted cloud servers advisor: mikhail j. atallah yunhui zheng path sensitive static program analysis for web applications advisor: xiangyu zhang bowen zhou techniques for detecting scalability bugs advisor: xiangyu zhang ariful azad an algorithmic pipeline for analyzing multi-parametric flow cytometry data advisor: none none anmer daskin quantum circuit design methods and application advisor: ananth y. grama dung hong a learning approach for relevance and diversity in federated search advisor: luo si chamikara jayalath geo-distributed big data processing advisor: patrick t. eugster rahul potharaju data-driven approaches to improve dependability of cloud services advisor: cristina nita-rotaru sunghwan yoo a unified framework for transparent concurrency and fault-tolerance in distributed systems advisor: dongyan xu 2013 pelin angin autonomous agents-based mobile-cloud computing advisor: bharat bhargava sahan bamunavita gamage improving virtual machine i/o performance in cloud environments via i/o functionality offloading advisor: dongyan xu kevin hoffman ribbons: a partially shared memory programming model advisor: patrick t. eugster scott d. miller control-theoretic decision support for mitigation of modeled software project cost overruns advisor: aditya p. mathur karthik nagaraj enabling richer insight into runtime executions of systems advisor: charles killian pawan prakash impact of network protocols on data center applications advisor: ramana kompella dannie stanley improved kernel security through code verification, diversification, and minimization advisor: eugene h. spafford nick sumner automated debugging through comparing executions advisor: xiangyu zhang man wang dependence-based source level tracing and replay for networked embedded systems advisor: zhiyuan li samer barakat high performance structure extraction for visualization advisor: xavier m. tricoche vasil denchev binary classification with adiabatic quantum optimization advisor: s. v. n. vishwanathan sriharsha gangam high accuracy, lightweight methods for network measurement services advisor: sonia fahmy wei-min yao enhancing scalability in network simulation and testbed experiments advisor: sonia fahmy meghana chitale functional profiling of protein sequences and application of functional associations for missing enzyme prediction advisor: daisuke kihara nan ding statistical machine learning in t-exponential family of distributions advisor: s. v. n. vishwanathan despoina perouli methods for safe, flexible and secure policy based routing advisor: sonia fahmy wahbeh qardaji differentially private data publishing: from histograms to transaction sets advisor: ninghui li dasarath weeratunge dynamic program analyses for debugging concurrency bugs in large multi-threads programs advisors: xiangyu zhang and suresh jagannathan di xie time varying network reservation for cloud data centers advisors: ramana kompella and y. charlie hu 2012 suleyman cetintas effective and efficient user and content modeling for intelligent tutoring systems advisor: luo si jayaram kallapalayam radha engineering efficient event-based distribution systems advisor: patrick t. eugster ahmet nergiz private data outsourcing using anonymization advisor: christopher w. clifton jackie (rj) xiang statistical relational learning for single network domains advisor: jennifer l. neville feng yan efficient learning algorithms for gaussian processes advisor: yuan (alan) qi dan zhang dealing with ambiguous and partial supervision in complex information retrieval applications advisor: luo si yi fang probabilistic approaches to entity retrieval advisor: luo si mohamed raouf fouad privacy risk and scalability of differentially-private anonymization advisor: elisa bertino mohamed yoosuf mohamed nabeel privacy preserving access control on third-party data management systems advisor: elisa bertino mohamed yakout guided data cleaning advisor: ahmed k. elmagarmid hoda eldardiry ensemble classification techniques for relational domains advisor: jennifer l. neville jeffrey seibert security and economic implication of localizing traffic in overlay networks advisor: cristina nita-rotaru carlos vanegas modeling the appearance and behavior of urban spaces advisor: daniel aliaga 2011 ethan blanton controlling the cost and increasing the utility of network mesurement infrastructures advisor: sonia fahmy sundararaman jeyaraman practical automatic determination of causal relationships in software execution traces advisor: mikhail j. atallah bin li geometrical analysis of interaction sites of proteins advisor: daisuke kihara jacques thomas accomodative mandatory access control advisors: jan vitek and patrick t. eugster nathan andrysco data structures for efficient analysis of large-scale unstructured datasets advisor: xavier m. tricoche ardalan kangarlou-haghighi improving the reliability and performance of virtual cloud infrastructures advisor: dongyan xu michael kirkpatrick trusted enforcement of contextual access control advisor: elisa bertino alvin law compensation compliant appearance editing of physical objects with arbitrary shape and color advisor: daniel aliaga zhiqiang lin reverse engineering of data structures from binary advisor: dongyan xu chris mayfield statstical inference and data cleaning in relational database systems advisors: sunil k. prabhakar and jennifer l. neville yinian qi efficient query processing for uncertain data advisor: sunil k. prabhakar junghwan rhee data-centric approaches to kernel malware defense advisor: dongyan xu armand navabi the semantics and analysis of safe futures advisor: suresh jagannathan lukasz ziarek abstractions for robust higher-order message-based communication advisor: suresh jagannathan 2010 hazem elmeleegy leveraging external user-generated information for large-scale data integration advisor: ahmed k. elmagarmid ashish kundu data in the cloud: authentication without leaking advisor: elisa bertino lixia liu effective performance analysis and optimizations for memory intensive programs on multicore advisor: zhiyuan li yu tak (chris) ma mobility in mobile sensor networks - a study of sensing performance and privacy advisor: david k. y. yau hasan metin aktulga algorithmic and numerical techniques for atomistic modeling advisors: ahmed h. sameh and ananth y. grama jren-chit chin efficient and robust solutions for sensor network detection and localization advisor: david k. y. yau nwokedi idika characterizing and aggregating attach graph-based security metrics advisor: bharat bhargava sael lee high throughput screening of global and local protein surfaces advisor: daisuke kihara tiancheng li privacy preservation in data publishing and sharing advisor: ninghui li ian molloy automatic inference of access control policies and migration to role based access control advisor: ninghui li mummoorthy murugesan privacy through deniable search advisor: christopher w. clifton prathima rao exam: an environment for xacml policy analysis and management advisor: elisa bertino paul rosen improved 3-d scene sampling by camera model design advisor: christoph m. hoffmann yasin silva similarity-aware query processing and optimization advisor: walid g. aref yongwook choi structural information in strings and graphs advisor: wojciech szpankowski mohamed eltabakh database server for next-generation scientific data management advisors: walid g. aref and ahmed k. elmagarmid philip mcgachey transparent distribution for java applications advisor: antony l. hosking qun ni privacy-aware role based access control advisor: elisa bertino yi xu capturing real-world dynamic objects using temporally-coded photography advisor: daniel aliaga hao yuan security and privacy techniques for outsourced and distributed databases advisor: mikhail j. atallah david zage a platform for creating efficient, robust, and resilient peer-to-peer systems advisor: cristina nita-rotaru 2009 hong chen analysis of access control policies in operating systems advisor: ninghui li jing dong secure and robust communication in wireless mesh networks advisor: cristina nita-rotaru hicham elmongui rank aggregation techniques for context-aware database management systems advisor: walid g. aref ziqing mao improving real-world access control systems by indentifying the true origins of a request advisor: ninghui li maxim naumov parallel algorithms for large sparse linear systems yu zhang analysis of port scanning attacks advisor: bharat bhargava rimma nehme efficient query processing for rich and diverse real-time data advisors: elisa bertino and elke a. rundensteiner ryan riley architectural approaches for code injection defense at the user and kernal levels advisors: dongyan xu and xuxian jiang murat manguoglu parallel hybrid sparse system solvers advisors: ahmed h. sameh and ananth y. grama sarvjeet singh database support for uncertain data advisor: sunil k. prabhakar qihua wang access control policy management advisor: ninghui li 2008 hyojeong kim memory balancing for large-scale network simulation in power-law networks advisor: kihong park mehmet ercan nergiz anonymization-based privacy protection advisor: christopher w. clifton barry wittman approximation algorithms for time-constrained vehicle routing problems advisor: greg n. frederickson yu yang probabilistic path planning with extended local planners advisor: elisha p. sacks wei jiang incentive-driven and privacy-preserving collaborative computing advisor: christopher w. clifton asad k. awan macroprogramming scalable sensor networks advisor: ananth y. grama roman chertov a device independent router model: from measurements to simulations advisor: sonia fahmy mihai mudure efficient and versitile 3d scene modeling by sparse-depth dense-viewpoint acquisition advisor: voicu popescu murali krishna ramanathan path-aware analysis of program invariants advisors: suresh jagannathan and ananth y. grama amit jayant shirsat self-configuration algorithms for mobile ad-hoc networks advisor: bharat bhargava changjiu xian collaborative power management between operating systems and applications advisors: yung-hsiang lu and zhiyuan li mingwu zhang supporting fine-grained database lineage tracking advisors: sunil k. prabhakar and xiangyu zhang 2007 abhilasha bhargav-spantzel protocols and systems for privacy preserving protection of digital identity advisor: elisa bertino thanaa m. ghanem supporting views in data stream management systems advisors: ahmed k. elmagarmid and walid g. aref md-abdul m. khan distributed approximation algorithms for minimum spanning trees and other related problems with applications to wireless ad hoc networks advisor: gopal pandurangan maxim s. martynov design and implementation of hybrid packet scheduling algorithms for high speed networks advisor: douglas e. comer qiqi wang interactive visualization of three-dimensional confocal microscopy data advisor: yinlong sun marina v. blanton key management in hierarchical access control systems advisor: mikhail j. atallah deepak r. bobbarjung improving the performance of highly reliable storage systems advisor: suresh jagannathan ahmet b. can trust and anonymity in peer-to-peer systems advisor: bharat bhargava paul ruth adaptive virtual distributed environments for shared cyber infrastructures advisor: dongyan xu mercan k. topkara natural language watermarking advisors: mikhail j. atallah and cristina nita-rotaru umut topkara information security applications of natural language processing techniques advisor: mikhail j. atallah yi-cheng tu quality-aware adaptation in database systems advisor: sunil k. prabhakar yan wu energy management in sensor networks for continuous monitoring applications advisors: sonia fahmy and ness shroff mohamed h. ali phenomenon-aware data stream management systems advisor: walid g. aref ji-won byun toward privacy-preserving database management systems -- access control and data anonymization advisors: ninghui li and elisa bertino jorge r. ramos dynamic covert channels in finance advisor: vernon j. rego william r. speirs dynamic cryptographic hash functions advisor: samuel wagstaff nikolai a. svakhin development and application of volume illustration techniques for medical illustration and flow visualization advisor: david ebert fijoy g. vadakkumpadan computational methods for mapping the human cerebral cortex advisor: yinlong sun xiaopeng xiong scalability in spatio-temporal data management systems advisor: walid g. aref huiying xu modeling of light reflection, transmission, and subsurface scattering for realistic image synthesis advisor: yinlong sun 2006 gleb bahmutov efficient large scale acquistion of building interiors advisor: voicu popescu yu (jerry) dong energy efficiency and surveillance in mobile sensor networks advisor: david k. y. yau ronaldo ferreira distributed algorithms for peer-to-peer systems advisors: ananth y. grama and suresh jagannathan yunhua koglin security mechanisms for content distribution networks advisor: elisa bertino mehmet koyuturk comparative analysis of biological networks advisor: ananth y. grama xuxian jiang enabling internet worms and malware investigation and defense using virtualization advisor: dongyan xu tiberiu v. stef ownership and decentralization in distributed systems allocation mechanisms advisor: vernon j. rego brian david carrier a hypothesis-based approach to digital forensic investigations advisor: eugene h. spafford rajeev gopalakrishna improving software assurance using lightweight static analysis advisors: eugene h. spafford and jan vitek jiangtao li privacy enhanced automated trust negotiation advisors: mikhail j. atallah and ninghui li ga hyun park profile of tries advisor: wojciech szpankowski adam welc concurrenty abstractions for programming languages using optimistic protocols advisors: antony l. hosking and suresh jagannathan 2005 robert gwadera reliable identification of significant sets of episodes in event sequences advisors: wojciech szpankowski and mikhail j. atallah mahesh v. tripunitara a theory based on security analysis for comparing the expressive power of access control models advisor: ninghui li florian buchholz pervasive binding of labels to system processes advisor: eugene h. spafford james p. early behavioral feature extraction for network anomaly detection advisors: carla e. brodley and eugene h. spafford keith b. frikken secure and private online collaboration advisor: mikhail j. atallah murat kantarcioglu privacy-preserving distributed data mining and processing on horizontally partitioned data advisor: christopher w. clifton mohamed fathalla mokbel scalable continuous query processing in location-aware database servers advisor: walid g. aref weichao wang securing wireless network topology and routing advisor: bharat bhargava paul d. williams cupids: increasing information system security through the use of dedicated co-processing advisor: eugene h. spafford yuni xia efficient indexing techniques for the update-intensive environment advisor: sunil k. prabhakar rong xu improving cache performance by smart page mapping in application programs advisor: zhiyuan li ossama m. younis an energy-efficient architecture for wireless sensor networks advisor: sonia fahmy bogdan carbunar coverage problems in wireless sensor and rfid systems advisors: jan vitek, ananth y. grama, and cristina nita-rotaru reynold cheng managing uncertainty in constantly-evolving environments advisor: sunil k. prabhakar mohamed galal elfeky online periodicy mining advisors: ahmed k. elmagarmid and walid g. aref ioannis ioannidis algorthims and data structures for ip lookup advisor: ananth y. grama yuhui zhong formalization of dynamic trust and uncertain evidence for user authorization advisor: bharat bhargava 2004 yonghua ding compiler-based computation reuse schemes for handheld devices advisor: zhiyuan li krzysztof palacz crusoe -- towards a multicomputer execution environment for java advisor: jan vitek moustafa mohamed hammad query processing in stream database systems advisors: ahmed k. elmagarmid and walid g. aref mohamed mosaad salah hefeeda a framework for cost-effective peer-to-peer content distribution advisor: bharat bhargava ihab f. ilyas rank-aware query processing and optimization advisors: ahmed k. elmagarmid and walid g. aref benjamin asher kuperman a categorization of computer security monitoring systems and the impact on the design of audit sources advisor: eugene h. spafford minseok kwon designing and characterizing overlay networks advisor: sonia fahmy yi lu adaptive and heterogeneous mobile wireless networks advisor: bharat bhargava di ma bounding the stack size of interrupt-driven programs advisor: jens palsberg radu sion rights assessment for discrete digital data advisors: mikhail j. atallah and sunil k. prabhakar jaideep shrikant vaidya privacy preserving data mining over vertically partitioned data advisor: christopher w. clifton thomas john vandrunen partial redundancy elimination for global value numbering advisor: antony l. hosking cheng wang program analysis and scheduling for distributed computing on handheld devices advisor: zhiyuan li 2003 dennis william brylow static checking of interrupt-driven software advisor: jens palsberg hoi chang building self-protecting software with active and passive defenses advisor: mikhail j. atallah md ahsan habib monitoring and controlling qos network domains: an edge-to-edge approach advisor: bharat bhargava baskar sridharan enforcing safety in pervasive computing environments advisor: aditya p. mathur dmitri v. kalashnikov efficient querying of constantly evolving data advisor: sunil k. prabhakar christopher adam telfer abstractions and efficient implementation of automatically reconfigurable network testbeds advisor: douglas e. comer 2002 thomas earl daniels reference models for the concealment and observation of origin identity in store-and-forward networks advisor: eugene h. spafford huan ren aggregate-flow scheduling: theory and practice advisor: kihong park joao wagner lima cangussu a mathematical foundation for software process control advisor: aditya p. mathur chuan-ming liu broadcasting and blocking large data sets with an index tree advisor: susanne e. hambrusch tian zhao type matching and type inference for object-oriented systems advisor: jens palsberg 2001 susan b. iacobacci interactive surface modeling and analysis advisor: chandrajit bajaj wenliang (kevin) du a study of several specific secure two-party computation problems advisors: mikhail j. atallah and eugene h. spafford min-ho kyung computer-aided kinematic synthesis of mechanical systems using configuration space advisor: elisha p. sacks stefano lonardi global detectors of unusual words: design, implementation, and applications to pattern discovery in biosequences advisor: alberto apostolico diego m. zamboni using internal sensors for computer intrusion detection advisor: eugene h. spafford kyung koo jun monitoring and control of networked systems with mobile agents: algorithms and applications advisor: dan c. marinescu 2000 shalab goel access and method execution on distributed complex objects advisor: bharat bhargava matthew g. knepley parallel simulation of particulate flow advisor: ahmed h. sameh yonghong song compiler algorithms for efficient use of memory systems advisor: zhiyuan li gongyuan zhuang convergence analysis of a domain decomposition method for separable pdes advisor: john r. rice yung-pin cheng refactoring design models for compositional verification, conformance testing, and inductive verification advisor: michal young steven matthew cutchin flexible user interface coupling with operation transformation advisor: chandrajit bajaj sudipto ghosh testing component-based distributed applications advisor: aditya p. mathur young jun kim visualization and animation for situation awareness in the battlefield advisor: christoph m. hoffmann ladislau-lekel boloni contributions to distributed object and agent systems advisor: dan c. marinescu david c. lutterkort envelopes of nonlinear geometry advisor: jorg peters valerio pascucci multidimensional and multiresolution geometric data structures for scientific visualization advisor: chandrajit bajaj sheng-yih wang approaches to multimedia traffic management and control advisor: bharat bhargava 1999 neelam gupta automated test data generation using iterative relaxation methods advisor: aditya p. mathur shahani a. weerawarana software reuse methodologies for parallel and netcentric scientific computing advisor: elias n. houstis reuben d. pasquini algorithms for improving the performance of optimistic parallel simulation advisor: vernon j. rego zhanye tong parallel algorithms for large sparse generalized eigenproblems advisor: ahmed h. sameh vassilios verykios knowledge discovery in scientific databases advisor: elias n. houstis carlos gonzalez-ochoa interactive modeling using surface splines advisor: jorg peters guozhong zhuang compression and progressive transmission of three-dimensional models advisor: chandrajit bajaj 1998 cassiano r. durand symbolic and numerical techniques for constraint solving advisor: christoph m. hoffmann haitao jiang semantic content-based access to hypervideo databases advisor: ahmed k. elmagarmid gustavo rodriguez-rivera cyclic distributed garbage collection without global synchronization advisor: vincent f. russo juan c. gomez a software architecture for multithreaded and multiprotocol distributed applications advisor: vernon j. rego ivan v. krsul computer vulnerability analysis advisor: eugene h. spafford konstantinos n. pantazopoulos numerical methods and software for pricing american financial derivatives advisor: elias n. houstis 1997 melliyal annamalai designing an efficient distributed digital library database for image data advisor: bharat bhargava shunge li quality of service control for distributed multimedia systems advisor: bharat bhargava christoph schuba on the modeling, design, and implementation of firewall technology advisor: eugene h. spafford narendran ramakrishnan recommender systems for problem solving environments advisor: elias n. houstis daniel r. schikore interactive visualization of multidimensional scientific data advisor: chandrajit bajaj mihai g. sirbu the design of a metacomputing environment advisor: dan c. marinescu roberto solis-oba robustness and approximation in combinatorial optimization advisor: greg n. frederickson 1996 fausto bernardini automatic reconstruction of cad models and properties from digital scans advisor: chandrajit bajaj tzvetan t. drashansky an agent-based approach to building multidisciplinary problem solving environments advisor: john r. rice muhammad f. khan techniques for synchronous retrieval of concurrent multimedia i/o streams advisors: arif ghafoor and ahmed k. elmagarmid chueng-hsien lin an architecture for a campus-sized wireless mobile network advisor: douglas e. comer peinan zhang brokered collaborative systems for cscw advisor: chandrajit bajaj gerald baumgartner modularization constructs for object-oriented and functional languages advisor: vincent f. russo felipe knop software architectures for fault-tolerant replications and multithreaded decompositions: experiments with practical parallel simulation advisor: vernon j. rego ioana boier-martin scientific data visualization and image processing data with applications to structural biology advisor: dan c. marinescu edward w. mascarenhas a system for multithreaded parallel simulation and computation with migrant threads and objects advisor: vernon j. rego kuei y. wang-knop hiding the latency of paging and input/output operations on massively parallel systems advisor: dan c. marinescu jindong chen interactive modeling with a-patches advisor: chandrajit bajaj jin jing data management in wireless client-server information systems advisor: ahmed k. elmagarmid p. andrew muckelbauer structural subtyping in a distributed object system advisor: vincent f. russo 1995 tsanchi li adequacy assessment of tests for fault-tolerance advisor: aditya p. mathur xiangning liu data replication and communication for topologically scaled distributed systems advisor: bharat bhargava lu xu two dimensional concurrent program debugging advisor: michal young xiangping (jimmy) chen representation, evaluation and editing of feature-based and constraint-based design advisor: christoph m. hoffmann ioannis p. fudos constraint solving for computer aided design advisor: christoph m. hoffmann sandeep kumar classification and detection of computer intrusions advisor: eugene h. spafford evaggelia pitoura transaction management for mobile heterogeneous computing advisor: bharat bhargava po-ting wu parallel electronic prototyping of physical objects advisor: elias n. houstis 1994 yongguang zhang communication experiments for distributed transaction processing -- from lan to wan advisor: bharat bhargava vinod anupam collaborative multimedia environments for problem solving advisor: chandrajit bajaj mei-hwa chen tools and techniques for testing based software reliability estimation advisors: vernon j. rego and aditya p. mathur yin-he jiang enhancing functionality of relational database systems advisor: bharat bhargava victor t. norman management of an internet of routers advisor: douglas e. comer janche sang multi-threading in distributed-memory systems and simulation: design, implementation, and experiments advisor: vernon j. rego honghai shen access control for collaborative environments advisor: prasun dewan sanjiva weerawarana problem solving environments for partial differential equations advisor: elias n. houstis aidong zhang advanced transaction management for supporting interoperability in multidatabase systems advisor: bharat bhargava hyeran byun neurocomputing on distributed memory machines advisor: elias n. houstis marius a. cornea-hasegan determination of biological macromolecular structures using distributed memory mimd systems advisor: dan c. marinescu shawn d. ostermann reliable message transport for network communication advisor: douglas e. comer lih-chyun shu concurrency control and scheduling for hard real-time systems advisor: michal young pamela j. vermeer the medial axis transform to boundary representation conversion advisor: christoph m. hoffmann chonchanok viravan enhancing debugging technology advisor: eugene h. spafford 1993 stephen j. chapin scheduling support mechanisms for autonomous, heterogeneous, distributed systems advisor: eugene h. spafford ling-yu chuang concurrency enhancement through program unification: design, techniques, and experiments advisor: vernon j. rego james g. mullen atomic commitment in multidatabase systems advisor: ahmed k. elmagarmid weichen e. wong on mutation and data flow advisor: aditya p. mathur wei j. yeh controlling state explosion in reachability analysis advisor: michal young jiansan chen a systematic approach for the specification and the execution of global transactions in multidatabase systems advisor: ahmed k. elmagarmid ke-hsiung chung concurrent composite computational model for stochastic simulation advisor: vernon j. rego anupam joshi on connectionism and the problem of correspondence advisors: chia-hoang lee and vernon j. rego hsin pan software debugging with dynamic instrumentation and test-based knowledge advisors: richard a. demillo and eugene h. spafford hung-yi t. tu new approaches for vlsi layout compaction advisor: susanne e. hambrusch malcolm c. fields computational problems in feature research advisor: david c. anderson 1992 andrew v. royappa symbolic methods in computer graphics and geometric modeling advisor: chandrajit bajaj zi-yi danny chen parallel techniques for paths, visibility, and related problems advisor: mikhail j. atallah ching-shoei chiang the euclidian distance transform advisor: christoph m. hoffmann nicolaos p. chrisochoides on the mapping of partial differential equation computations onto distributed memory mimd parallel machines advisor: elias n. houstis herbert s. mcfaddin an object-based problem solving environment for collaborating pde solvers and editors advisor: john r. rice jagannathan srinivasan replication and fragmentation of composite objects in distributed database systems advisor: bharat bhargava bonita (bonnie) (rais) mcvey analysis of some trie parameters under probabilistic models advisor: wojciech szpankowski brian l. stuart an alternative computational model for artificial intelligence advisor: chia-hoang lee 1991 edward w. krauser compiler-integrated software testing advisor: richard a. demillo jiaxun yu exact arithmetic solid modeling advisor: christoph m. hoffmann jianhua zhou visualization of four dimensional space and its applications advisor: christoph m. hoffmann hiralal agrawal towards automatic debugging of computer programs advisors: richard a. demillo and eugene h. spafford paul edward buis distributed scientific software systems advisor: wayne r. dyksen tamal k. dey decompositions of polyhedra in three dimensions advisor: chandrajit bajaj james nelson griffioen remote memory backing storage for distributed virtual memory operating systems advisor: douglas e. comer insung ihm on surface design with implicit algebraic surfaces advisor: chandrajit bajaj yungho leu flexible transaction management in the interbase project advisor: ahmed k. elmagarmid lynn e. tewinkel mesh algorithms for problems in image processing advisor: susanne e. hambrusch weimin du maintaining multidatabase consistency: the quasi serializability approach advisor: ahmed k. elmagarmid abdelsalam a. helal adaptability to failures in distributed systems advisor: bharat bhargava kenneth r. rodemann route adaptation and persistence in networks advisor: douglas e. comer ko-yang wang intelligent program optimization and parallelization for parallel computers advisor: piyush mehrotra 1990 guillermina (cabral) sudarsky design format transformations advisor: buster dunsmore byoungju choi software testing using high performance computers advisor: aditya p. mathur charles h. koelbel compiling programs for distributed memory machines advisor: piyush mehrotra shy-renn lian on increasing reliability and availability in distributed database systems advisor: bharat bhargava l. enrique mafla-gallegos experimental studies in distributed transaction processing systems advisor: bharat bhargava joseph b. manning geometric symmetry in graphs advisor: mikhail j. atallah daniel w. wetklow type reconstruction algorithms for object-oriented languages advisor: ryan d. stansifer jung-hong chuang surface approximations in geometric modeling advisor: christoph m. hoffmann jyh-jong tsay techniques for solving geometric problems on mesh-connected computers advisor: mikhail j. atallah shirley (browne) moore quorum-based recovery in replicated database systems advisor: bharat bhargava john thomas riedl adaptable distributed transaction systems advisor: bharat bhargava 1989 susan h. rodger parallel job scheduling algorithms advisor: greg n. frederickson john paul bonomo parallel iterative techniques for the solution of elliptic partial differential equations advisor: wayne r. dyksen dah-jyh guan vehicle routing in simple graphs advisor: greg n. frederickson ajay k. gupta on the relationship between parallel computation and graph embeddings advisor: susanne e. hambrusch rajendra s. yavatkar an architecture for high-speed packet switched networks advisor: douglas e. comer 1988 myung soo kim motion planning with geometric models advisor: chandrajit bajaj eric leu consistent state detection and recovery for concurrent processing advisor: bharat bhargava thomas narten best effort delivery in connectionless networks advisor: douglas e. comer parthasarathy bhasker semlog: multiparadigm programming language for knowledge engineering advisor: andrew b. whinston christina c. christara parallel algorithms and architectures for the numerical solution of partial differential equations advisor: elias n. houstis mahesh k. rathi an objective methodology for early software size estimation advisor: samuel d. conte gregory e. shannon designing efficient parallel algorithms: techniques and applications advisor: greg n. frederickson robert l. brown a distributed program composition system advisors: douglas e. comer and peter j. denning craig e. wills service execution in a distributed environment advisor: j. timothy korb 1987 balachander krishnamurthy a uniform model of interaction in interactive systems advisor: j. timothy korb michael t. goodrich efficient parallel techniques for computational geometry advisor: mikhail j. atallah ravi janardan space-efficient schemes for message routing in distributed networks advisor: greg n. frederickson cristina ruggieri dynamic memory allocation techniques based on the lifetime of objects advisor: thomas p. murtagh 1986 ralph edward droms naming of files in distributed systems advisor: douglas e. comer christopher (kent) kantarjiev cache coherence in distributed systems advisor: douglas e. comer calvin j. ribbens domain mappings: a tool for the development of vector algorithms for numerical solutions of partial differential equations advisor: john r. rice zuwang ruan file replication in distributed systems advisor: walter f. tichy atte j. kortekangas recognition of 3-dimensional objects by rendering function matching advisor: andrew b. whinston shuh-shen james pan an equational approach to decision support systems advisor: andrew b. whinston 1985 alejandro a. kapauan pringle: a test bed for parallel computer and parallel i/o architectures advisor: dennis b. gannon jairo panetta primitive parallel operations for computational linear algebra advisor: dennis b. gannon tze-jie yu the static and dynamic models of software defects and reliability advisor: buster dunsmore stephan v. bechtolsheim graph based data flow programming of parallel machines advisor: dennis b. gannon yeou-huei hwang parallel processing image synthesis advisor: dennis b. gannon teemu tapani kerola approximate and exact solutions for multiple class queueing network models advisor: herbert d. schwetman larry lee peterson defining and naming the fundamental objects in a distributed message system advisor: douglas e. comer 1984 kuo-cheng li vector c - a programming language for vector processing advisor: herbert d. schwetman andrew s. wang the estimation of software size and effort: an approach based on the evaluation of software metrics advisor: buster dunsmore matthew a. bishop practical take-grant systems: do they exist? advisor: dorothy e. denning andre b. bondi incorporating open queueing models into closed queueing network algorithms advisor: peter j. denning 1983 david capka the nondeterministic computation of functions advisor: paul r. young subhash c. agrawal metamodeling: a study of approximations in queueing models advisor: peter j. denning james d. arthur omni: an interactive environment for tool selection, specification, and composition advisor: douglas e. comer ivan p. huerta optimal difference formulas advisor: john r. rice david mark mount graph spectra and isomorphism testing advisor: christoph m. hoffmann daniel allen reed performance based design and analysis of multimicrocomputer networks advisor: herbert d. schwetman david k. schrader concurrency control in distributed ring computer systems advisor: peter j. denning stephen m. thebaut the saturation effect in large-scale software development: its impact and control advisor: vincent y. shen 1982 jeffrey a. brumfield operational analysis of queueing phenomena advisor: peter j. denning eric richard dittert on the complexity of retrieving information associated with data keys advisor: michael j. o'donnell wayne r. dyksen tensor product generalized alternating direction implicit methods for solving separable second order linear elliptic partial differential equations advisor: john r. rice kye s. hedlund wafer scale integration of configurable, highly parallel processors advisor: lawrence snyder ching-chih hsiao highly parallel processing of relational databases advisor: lawrence snyder vance e. waddle a methodology and system for logical data base design advisor: andrew b. whinston william a. ward jr. finite difference methods for nearly singular problems advisor: john r. rice 1981 l. paul chew normal forms in term rewriting systems advisor: michael j. o'donnell deborah a. joseph on the power of formal systems for analyzing linear and polynomial time program behavior advisor: paul r. young stephen j. tolopka on modeling local paging algorithms for virtual memory systems advisor: herbert d. schwetman 1980 scott n. woodfield enhanced effort estimation by extending basic programming models to include modularity factors advisor: vincent y. shen joseph henry fasel iii programming languages as abstract data types -- definition and implementation advisor: peter j. denning t. donald dennis a capability based machine advisor: peter j. denning 1979 gianfranco balbo approximate methods in computer performance evaluation advisor: peter j. denning alan r. hevner the optimization of query processing on distributed database systems advisor: s. bing yao james ross miller computer graphics in macromolecular crystallography advisor: david c. anderson ronald f. boisvert high order finite difference techniques for elliptic boundary value problems advisor: john r. rice edward f. gehringer functionality and performance in capability-based operating systems advisor: herbert d. schwetman richard t. simon modeling of virtual memory systems advisor: peter j. denning 1978 steven c. bruell on single and multiple job class queueing network models of computer systems advisor: herbert d. schwetman robert l. mead jr. on the modeling of resource demands in a multiprogrammed computer system advisor: herbert d. schwetman timothy j. long some polynomial time reducibilities advisor: paul r. young karl joseph ottenstein data-flow graphs as an intermediate program form advisor: maurice h. halstead linda marie ott predicting parameters of the software validation effort advisor: maurice h. halstead david adam poplawski error recovery for extended ll-regular parsers advisor: christoph m. hoffmann 1977 ronald d. gordon a measure of mental effort related to program clarity advisor: maurice h. halstead mayer dlugach schwartz inference from statistical data bases advisor: peter j. denning karl a. winklmann a theoretical study of some aspects of parameter passing in algol 60 and in similar programming languages advisor: paul r. young 1976 g. scott graham a study of program and memory policy behaviour advisor: peter j. denning benn r. konsynski computer aided logical applications software design advisor: jay f. nunamaker robert h. bonczek theoretical description of an access language for a general decision support system advisor: andrew b. whinston sharon k. fletcher a quasi-interactive approach to computer assisted instruction advisor: herbert d. schwetman kevin c. kahn program behavior and load dependent system performance advisor: peter j. denning patrick a. blosser an automatic system for application software generation and portability advisor: jay f. nunamaker james m. lemme speedup in parallel algorithms for adaptive quadrature advisor: john r. rice richard f. puk the optimal distribution of device-dependent graphics functions advisor: richard e. garrett bradford w. wade a micro-program mini-computer for the efficient execution of high-level language program advisor: victor b. schneider 1975 george wayne cox portability and adaptability in operating system design advisor: victor b. schneider atilla elci factors affecting the program size of control functions of operating systems advisor: maurice h. halstead bruce j. maclennan semantic and syntactic specification and extension of languages advisor: victor b. schneider dorothy e. denning secure information flow in computer systems advisor: herbert d. schwetman 1974 david i. heimann computational aspects of the busy period for the single-server queue in discrete time advisor: marcel f. neuts john a. heminger collocation solutions of systems of boundary value problems advisor: john r. rice thomas i.m. ho a non-procedural high-level language for automated design of application systems advisor: jay f. nunamaker dennis g. kafura analysis of scheduling algorithms for a model of a multiprocessor computer system advisor: vincent y. shen william g. verbrugge planning and management systems for small colleges advisor: jay f. nunamaker larry a. anderson optimal chebyshev-type quadrature formulas for various weight functions advisor: walter gautschi william j. dahl an interactive information systems optimization and design algorithm advisor: jay f. nunamaker frank l. friedman decompilation and the transfer of mini computer operating systems advisor: victor b. schneider paul m. zislis semantic decomposition of computer programs: a program test aid advisor: maurice h. halstead william j. collins provably recursive analysis advisor: paul r. young elias n. houstis finite element methods for solving initial boundary value problems advisor: john r. rice lawrence joseph schutte the value of dynamic algebra operators for sequential computers advisor: maurice h. halstead stuart h. zweben the internal structure of algorithms advisor: maurice h. halstead 1973 richard e. buten a scheduling model for computer systems with two classes of processors advisor: vincent y. shen kenneth l. krause analysis of computer scheduling with memory constraints advisor: vincent y. shen donald e. swenson performance measures for a data base management system advisor: andrew b. whinston necdet bulut invariant properties of algorithms advisor: maurice h. halstead barron c. housel iii a study of decompiling machine languages into high-level machine independent languages advisor: maurice h. halstead j. a. iverson jr. magnetic tape portability advisor: jay f. nunamaker rodney r. oldehoeft design considerations for interactive, application oriented, transportable subsystems advisor: john r. rice thomas j. aird computational solution of global nonlinear least squares problems advisor: john r. rice james r. arsenault gplan-wpc: a generalized data base planning system for water pollution control advisor: jay f. nunamaker dennis michael conti a formal model of interacting learning machines advisor: terry j. frederick jean-louis lassez on the relationship between prefix codes, trees, and automata advisor: j. richard buchi m. dennis mickunas techniques for compressing bounded context acceptors advisor: victor b. schneider roger vance roman the structure of an environment for an experimental, interactive, mathematical problem solving system advisor: samuel d. conte 1972 ronald l. lancaster semantic primitives for quick implementation of a family of procedural languages advisor: victor b. schneider edward g. pekarek jr. some galerkin methods for a semilinear hyperbolic mixed boundary value problem advisor: robert e. lynch toby s. berk the design and implementation of tuna, a high level graphical programming language advisor: maurice h. halstead david s. dodson optimal order approximation by polynomial spline functions advisor: carl deboor raymond f. boyce topological reorganization as an aid to program simplification advisor: maurice h. halstead thomas g. delutis a methodology for the analysis of auxiliary storage systems advisor: maurice h. halstead guy t. hochgesang an algorithm for grammatical inference of programming languages advisor: maurice h. halstead william c. nylin jr. structural reorganization of multipass computer programs advisor: maurice h. halstead michael d. shapiro a snobol machine: functional architectural concepts of a string processor advisor: maurice h. halstead 1971 james c. blair an extendible interactive debugging system advisor: saul rosen robert e. noonan computer programming with a dynamic algebra advisor: maurice h. halstead dennis j. frailey a study of code optimization using a general purpose optimizer advisor: maurice h. halstead peng-siu mei linear closure spaces and matroids, convex closure spaces and paramatroids advisor: j. richard buchi 1970 leonard j. bass hierarchies based on computational complexity and irregularities of class determining measured sets advisor: paul r. young stefan m. silverston aspen -- an automatic partial differential equation solver advisor: samuel d. conte arthur e. oldehoeft a computer system to teach computational mathematics advisor: samuel d. conte steven a. pruess estimating the eigenvalues of sturm-liouville problems by approximating the differential equation advisor: carl deboor 1969 herbert l. dershem approximation of bessel's differential operator of fractional order by finite-difference operators advisor: robert e. lynch james l. phillips collocation as a projection method for solving integral and other operator equations advisor: walter gautschi douglas k. smith a dynamic component suppression algorithm for the acceleration of vector sequences advisor: l. duane pyle larry e. axsom a system for the construction of variable model compilers and schedulers advisor: saul rosen edward j. desautels the pufft time sharing system -- design, implementation and performance advisor: saul rosen norman e. gibbs the bandwidth of graphs advisor: robert r. korfhage lawrence r. symes a mathematical problem solving language and its interpreter advisor: john r. rice 1968 hermann g. burchard interpolation and approximation by generalized convex functions advisor: john r. rice john c. hoff approximation with kernels of finite oscillations advisor: john r. rice william h. hosken certain extended post canonical systems related to context-sensitive languages advisor: j. richard buchi ramsay v. zahar computational algorithms for linear difference equations advisor: walter gautschi 1967 bernard b. evans explicit asymmetric difference algorithms for the approximate solution of parabolic partial differential equations advisor: samuel d. conte douglas s. kerr on some iterative methods for solving a class of nonlinear boundary value problems advisor: samuel d. conte lawrence h. landweber a design algorithm for sequential machines and definability in monadic second-order arithmetic advisor: j. richard buchi roland a. sweet properties of a semi-discrete approximation to the beam equation advisor: john s. maybee walter s. brainerd tree generating systems and tree automata advisor: j. richard buchi james e. kalan some results on amplitude damped vibrations advisor: john s. maybee 1966 kenneth m. brown a quadratically convergent method for solving simultaneous non-linear equations advisor: samuel d. conte karl h. usow computational aspects of approximation in the l\d1\u metric advisor: john r. rice last updated: apr 9, 2014 4:47 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: lawson building < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan resources campus map ftp server libraries help pages lawson building felix haas hall policies computer science facilities general overview conference rooms instructional labs remote access to cs facilities facilities staff emergency support itap facilities oracle access building emergency plan strategic plan the richard and patricia lawson computer science building the lawson computer science building (lwsn) consolidates the purdue computer science department from five buildings to two. the building provides 45 faculty offices, 55 teaching assistant offices, and 70 offices for research assistants. there are four classrooms, four instructional labs, five research labs, and a student activity center. the building also offers students a variety of interaction areas, and a deli-style café and espresso bar. the building and instructional labs within the building are open 6am to 2am, 7 days a week with the exception of christmas (25 december) and thanksgiving (4th thursday of november). lawson computer science building floor plans basement 1st floor 2nd floor 3rd floor pdf pdf pdf pdf news stories new computer science building to touch entire purdue campus purdue computer science completes fund raising for new building media files purdue president martin jischke announces that the new computer science building will be named for lead donors richard and patricia lawson celebration photos dedication slideshow construction ppt movie martin jischke speaks about computer science at purdue dean of science jeffrey vitter on the new computer science building and its campus wide effects virtual tour, hosted by purdue president martin jischke last updated: nov 13, 2013 11:44 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: felix haas hall < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan resources campus map ftp server libraries help pages lawson building felix haas hall policies computer science facilities general overview conference rooms instructional labs remote access to cs facilities facilities staff emergency support itap facilities oracle access building emergency plan strategic plan felix haas hall felix haas hall floor plans basement 1st floor 2nd floor pdf pdf pdf last updated: aug 17, 2016 5:54 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: k-12 outreach program < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan k-12 outreach program news summer camps rocs student group magic student group cs 180 hs what is cs? contact us k-12 outreach program the k-12 outreach program for computer science is committed to improving the state of computer science education for indiana students. computer science has consistently ranked as one of the highest paying and fastest growing occupations in the united states. in spite of this, many k-12 schools in indiana do not offer computer science courses for students. purdue's k-12 outreach program aims to help change those patterns by addressing the needs of k-12 teachers and students. what we do our aim is to support any group that is interested in working with k-12 students to improve their access to computer science education. if you are a member of the following groups, please click below to see how we can best help you. indiana k-12 teachers indiana k-12 schools and youth-supporting organizations purdue university faculty contact if you can't find the information you're looking for, or would like additional information on any of our programs, please contact us.  last updated: jul 22, 2014 3:15 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: contact us < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan k-12 outreach program news summer camps rocs student group magic student group cs 180 hs what is cs? contact us contact us outreach coordinator: mr. phil sands psands@purdue.edu k12@cs.purdue.edu curriculum vitae mailing address: 305 n. university street west lafayette, in 47907-2107 phone numbers: (800) 320-6132 or (765) 494-7802 outreach office: lwsn 2116h last updated: nov 4, 2015 2:30 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: computer science summer camp < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan k-12 outreach program news summer camps rocs student group magic student group cs 180 hs what is cs? contact us computer science summer camp purdue university is offering a middle school summer camp for the 20th year in 2016. the camp focuses on introducing students to computational thinking and programming through a variety of tools including linux, python, github and web 2.0 tools. we welcome students from all areas and all levels of experience! please make us part of your summer plans! computer science has never been so much fun! join us on our adventure with computer science! campers will work in small teams to build a complete software product from start to finish, relying on professional practices, teamwork, and near-peer mentors to help them achieve their goals. a student participating in this camp will gain hands-on experience with programming, algorithms, problem solving, web-design, and app development. purdue's camp is open to students who are entering grades 6, 7, or 8 by the fall of 2016. no previous computer science or programming expertise is necessary, but campers should be comfortable using a computer. return campers are welcomed and encouraged to build on the skills they have developed. students will gain experience using linux, python, github, and web development using html, css and javascript. the aim will be to begin developing competency in each discipline and focus on computational thinking patterns. dates: june 12th - 17th, 2016 to enroll your student with us, please visit: www.conf.purdue.edu/cscamp further detail is provided on our faq page. contact phil sands (psands@purdue.edu) with questions regarding this year's computer science camp. contact kaitlin floyd (kfloyd@purdue.edu) for information related to summer camps and accomodations at purdue university. computer activities will take place in the lawson computer science building. these activities will be led by former high school computer science teacher phil sands, who now serves as purdue university's computer science k-12 outreach coordinator. joining him will be a mix of k-12 educators, purdue computer science faculty, camp counselors and staff. purdue students serve as both lab assistants and camp counselors. the campers will be under 24-hour supervision as provided by camp staff. this is a residential, overnight camp with students staying in our dormitories overnight. camp will conclude with a project show-and-tell and a recognition luncheon that family may attend for an additional cost. camp is sponsored by the purdue university department of computer science in cooperation with our corporate partners program. special thanks are owed to the capadona family for their generous financial contribution. last updated: mar 17, 2016 10:22 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: the corporate partners program < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan the corporate partners program graduation survey internship survey partners program mycco cpp events opportunity update announcements employment events internships scholarships recruiter information cs career fair student info placement the corporate partners program the corporate partners program is designed to foster close communication and promote mutually beneficial relationships between select corporations and the department of computer science. this cooperation provides members with increased visibility and communication, interaction with students who may become future employees, interaction with faculty who are experts in relevant technical fields, and executive involvement. partnerships provide the department of computer science diversification of funding sources and access to modern instrumentation, as well as professional resources in tune to marketplace needs. it is a true partnership, where both sides benefit. view a list of our current partners and contact sally luzader for details on how to join. current information  the latest information for students on internships, permanent jobs, and scholarships is sent to students each wednesday and is now available on-line. how to join sally luzader manager of corporate relations department of computer sciences purdue university 305 n. university street west lafayette, in 47907-2107 phone: (765) 494-6180 or (765) 494-5322 fax: (765) 494-0739 last updated: nov 14, 2013 2:33 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: program < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan the corporate partners program graduation survey internship survey partners program mycco cpp events opportunity update announcements employment events internships scholarships recruiter information cs career fair student info placement the corporate partners program the corporate partners program (cpp) is designed to foster close communication and promote mutually beneficial relationships between select corporations and the department of computer science. this cooperation reduces recruiting costs by providing members with increased visibility and communication, interaction with students who may become future employees, interaction with faculty who are experts in relevant technical fields, and executive involvement. partnerships provide the department of computer science diversification of funding sources and access to modern instrumentation, as well as professional resources in tune to marketplace needs. it is a true partnership, where both sides benefit. the cs corporate partners program offers three levels of participation. premier: annual contribution of $25,000 partner: annual contribution of $10,000 friend: annual contribution of $5,000 membership benefits at a glance visibility & communication friend partner premier single point of contact * * * recognition by participation level: departmental web page, displays, reports * * * link from undergraduate student services to corporate web page * * * invitation to annual awards banquet * * * copies of selected departmental and university publications * * * individual display case for corporate use * * invitation to participate in semi-annual cpp meeting * * video wall advertisement of company events * * * interaction with students and organizations friend partner premier invitation to participate in cs career fair * * * invitation to hold a company day in the lawson commons * * * opportunity to post information in weekly electronic mailing to all cs students * * * involvement and sponsorship of student events/activities/scholarships * * * assistance in locating interns * * * salary and placement statistics * * * participation in purdue cs-cpp linkedin group * * * assistance in matching faculty and student research when supporting senior honors projects * * * presentation opportunities * * * first consideration to present in cs391 junior resource seminar * interaction with faculty/research friend partner premier copies of research activities * * potential collaboration on proposals/grants * * assistance in identifying faculty contact * seminar by faculty or senior grad student at purdue or affiliate site * executive involvement friend partner premier distance learning opportunities * * invitation to games and events * * entrepreneurship and technology transfer opportunities * * certain benefits are tiered and are first available to premier members, then to partner members. each corporate member is asked to appoint a working contact person. membership thus ensures a personal communication link and offers individualized service to member companies. premier and partner level members are eligible for representation at the corporate partners meetings. the semi-annual meetings held each fall and spring provide opportunities to participate in curriculum development and networking with students, faculty, and corporate peers. last updated: nov 14, 2013 2:00 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: partners < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan the corporate partners program graduation survey internship survey partners program mycco cpp events opportunity update announcements employment events internships scholarships recruiter information cs career fair student info placement the corporate partners program memberspremier company cisco eli lilly and company harris corporation ibm intel corporation microsoft corporation northrop grumman qatar computing research institute qualcomm, inc.   partner the boeing company google, inc. indiana economic development corporation interactive intelligence miso national security agency nextgear capital techpoint west monroe partners, llc friend company allegient amazon at&t bloomberg blue horseshoe solutions, inc. charles river development chicago trading company emc/rsa security/isilon enova epic exxonmobil facebook factset research systems, inc. general electric general motors hulu humana informatica land o'lakes liberty mutual lutron electronics lyonscg mercury corp. - security solutions milliman monsanto nextiva nielsen raytheon company razorfish rockwell collins salesforce sears holdings corporation sonoma partners state farm tata consultancy services the climate corporation union pacific walmart yelp, inc.                           last updated: aug 31, 2016 4:27 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: recruiter information < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan the corporate partners program graduation survey internship survey partners program mycco cpp events opportunity update announcements employment events internships scholarships recruiter information cs career fair student info placement recruiting purdue cs students the center for career opportunities (cco) and the department of computer science the department of computer science works closely with the center for career opportunities (cco) to assist employers in recruiting cs students. the cco handles job postings, resume collections, setting up interview schedules and reserving rooms for interviews. they can also assist employers in deciding which job fairs to attend and which majors/departments would be most useful to target to obtain the skills needed to fill specific positions. employers seeking students from multiple disciplines should work with the cco to obtain resumes from students in various majors. information regarding cco services and employer registration can be found at http://www.cco.purdue.edu/ or by calling 765-494-3981. posting positions the department of computer science posts job opportunities on a weekly basis for all cs students through an electronic newsletter called opportunity update, in addition to a posting with the cco. this service is open to all employers (not only corporate partners) at no charge. companies who wish to promote internship and employment opportunities for cs students may send their posting, including criteria and contact person/application information, to patricia morgan at pmorgan@purdue.edu. interviewing cs students the cco is the main point of contact for interviewing all purdue students (including cs), undergraduate/graduate and alumni, for internships as well as permanent positions. if interview rooms at the career center are full, the cs department will try to assist members of the corporate partners program in finding a location for interviews. the cs department will also arrange space, as available, for company days and tech talks for corporate partners within the computer science building and promote these activities to cs students. cs classes members of the corporate partners program have the opportunity to present in cs 391 junior resource seminar as space is available. speaking opportunities in other classes are sometimes available. course descriptions of all cs classes are available at https://www.cs.purdue.edu/academic-programs/index.html. job fairs the annual cs job fair is held on monday evening in conjunction with the fall corporate partner meeting in mid-september. corporate participation in the event is limited to members of the corporate partners program, and the fair is only open to cs students. participating companies are invited to interview select students the following day in a limited number of rooms set aside for that purpose. cs students are also encouraged to attend other job fairs held on campus such as the aitp computer roundtable and industrial roundtable, both held in mid-september. spring fairs include the college of technology career fair and the intern expo. a list of campus job fairs can be found on the cco website at https://www.cco.purdue.edu/calendar/. cpp member involvement senior projects corporate partners are welcome to participate in computer science senior projects. projects are required for the software engineering track and are an elective for five other tracks: computational science and engineering, computer graphics and visualization, database and information systems, foundations of computer science, and systems programming. partners may also suggest projects that can be used in individual classes. projects may be suggested by students and/or faculty based on their interests and research, or suggested and sponsored by corporate partners (some partner levels may require an additional fee to participate in projects). student organizations the active student organizations within the cs department include: association for computing machinery (acm), computer science women’s network (cswn), graduate student board (gsb), and the undergraduate student board (usb). acm and cswn will often host corporate representatives for technical presentations. corporate sponsorship of social events and activities is invited. more information about the organizations is available through the cs website at https://www.cs.purdue.edu/people/student_organizations.html. departmental events the cs department sponsors a number of events that offer opportunities for corporate involvement, including a speed interviewing event, a networking workshop and the annual spring awards banquet. at the 2014 banquet, over $74,000 in awards (ranging from $500 to $5,000) was distributed to over 45 undergraduate and graduate cs students. other events inviting corporate support/involvement include recruiting events and outreach activities, including summer camps for middle-school students and workshops for teachers. last updated: oct 26, 2015 4:08 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: announcements < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan the corporate partners program graduation survey internship survey partners program mycco cpp events opportunity update announcements employment events internships scholarships recruiter information cs career fair student info placement announcements congratulations cs may graduates - please complete a brief survey congratulations cs may graduates - please complete a brief survey posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:35 details. nasa's big idea challenge, notice of intent deadline sept 30 nasa's big idea challenge, notice of intent deadline sept 30 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:35 details. tell us about your internship experience tell us about your internship experience posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:35 details. nasa rasc-al competition seeks mars prototype ice drilling systems, oct 14 deadline nasa rasc-al competition seeks mars prototype ice drilling systems, oct 14 deadline posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:35 details. thinkb1g end of summer suggestions, employment opportunities at startups thinkb1g end of summer suggestions, employment opportunities at startups posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:35 details. cco inside track cco inside track posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:35 details. cymer llc attending ir 9/14, looking for cs students cymer llc attending ir 9/14, looking for cs students posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:35 details. mock career fair, sept 7 mock career fair, sept 7 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:35 details. usaa talk, sept 7 usaa talk, sept 7 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:35 details. cisco system skip the career fair line, sept 7 cisco system skip the career fair line, sept 7 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:35 details. aruba, a hp enterprise company info session, sept 12 aruba, a hp enterprise company info session, sept 12 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:35 details. spacex resume drop & info session, sept 12 spacex resume drop & info session, sept 12 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:35 details. coursera attending computing fair, sept 8 coursera attending computing fair, sept 8 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:35 details. last updated: nov 11, 2013 8:44 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: employment < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan the corporate partners program graduation survey internship survey partners program mycco cpp events opportunity update announcements employment events internships scholarships recruiter information cs career fair student info placement employment software developer openings at qrm software developer openings at qrm posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:37 details. senior consultant position at kraft & kennedy senior consultant position at kraft & kennedy posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:37 details. precisionhawk looking for ios developer/software engineer precisionhawk looking for ios developer/software engineer posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:37 details. engineering positions at raytheon engineering positions at raytheon posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:37 details. entry-level developers openings at aptera entry-level developers openings at aptera posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:37 details. embedded software developer position at cimarron embedded software developer position at cimarron posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:37 details. prof in dept of nutrition science looking for students to help with a research study prof in dept of nutrition science looking for students to help with a research study posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:37 details. college of engineering looking for junior developer college of engineering looking for junior developer posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:37 details. undergraduate researcher wanted for mobile system software work undergraduate researcher wanted for mobile system software work posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:37 details. employment opportunities at 360it partners employment opportunities at 360it partners posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:37 details. it rotational opportunity at bender consulting services it rotational opportunity at bender consulting services posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:37 details. full-time opportunity with forsythe full-time opportunity with forsythe posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:37 details. htm tech support opening htm tech support opening posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:37 details. sivas language academy looking for computer coding instructors sivas language academy looking for computer coding instructors posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:37 details. web engineer position at spensa web engineer position at spensa posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:37 details. itap looking for application developer itap looking for application developer posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:37 details. wayfair employment opportunities, meet them at the computing fair, sept 8 wayfair employment opportunities, meet them at the computing fair, sept 8 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:37 details. nielsen recruiting for operations & technology emerging leaders & technologist programs nielsen recruiting for operations & technology emerging leaders & technologist programs posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:37 details. intern & full-time positions at cnh industrial intern & full-time positions at cnh industrial posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:37 details. new-grad software engineering position at thumbtack new-grad software engineering position at thumbtack posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:37 details. openings at drw & info session, sept 21 openings at drw & info session, sept 21 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:37 details. yahoo software developer openings yahoo software developer openings posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:37 details. iseek looking for software developer iseek looking for software developer posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:37 details. itap risque development group looking for student software developer itap risque development group looking for student software developer posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:37 details. mentors for aspiring girls in computing callout mentors for aspiring girls in computing callout posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:37 details. advanced analytics group in engility's space system has multiple intern & entry level positions advanced analytics group in engility's space system has multiple intern & entry level positions posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:37 details. liberty mutual entry-level and internship positions liberty mutual entry-level and internship positions posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:37 details. earn indiana (employer aid readiness network) state work-study program earn indiana (employer aid readiness network) state work-study program posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:37 details. job postings at techpoint job postings at techpoint posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:37 details. last updated: nov 11, 2013 9:07 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: events < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan the corporate partners program graduation survey internship survey partners program mycco cpp events opportunity update announcements employment events internships scholarships recruiter information cs career fair student info placement events boeing company recruiting day & info session, sept 7 boeing company recruiting day & info session, sept 7 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. ge company recruiting day & info session, sept 8 ge company recruiting day & info session, sept 8 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. corporate partner resume review, sept 11 corporate partner resume review, sept 11 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. cs corporate partner mixer, sept 11 cs corporate partner mixer, sept 11 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. cs career fair, sept 12 cs career fair, sept 12 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. invitation to cs student research showcase, sept 12 invitation to cs student research showcase, sept 12 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. cerner career fair & resume prep, sept 8 hosted by cswn cerner career fair & resume prep, sept 8 hosted by cswn posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. hulu tech talk, sept 12 hulu tech talk, sept 12 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. yelp company recruiting day & info session, sept 13 yelp company recruiting day & info session, sept 13 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. harris company recruiting day & info session, sept 14 harris company recruiting day & info session, sept 14 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. dell emc company recruiting day & talk, sept 15 dell emc company recruiting day & talk, sept 15 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. national security agency codebreaker presentation, sept 15 national security agency codebreaker presentation, sept 15 posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. last updated: nov 11, 2013 9:11 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: internships < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan the corporate partners program graduation survey internship survey partners program mycco cpp events opportunity update announcements employment events internships scholarships recruiter information cs career fair student info placement internships pathmaker residential internship program pathmaker residential internship program posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. mykomms looking for students mykomms looking for students posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. interactive intelligence intern position interactive intelligence intern position posted by: on: 2016-09-13 01:38 details. last updated: nov 11, 2013 9:12 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.graduate survey
 get adobe reader purdue university first destination survey this survey is for use for the west lafayette campus and statewide technology locations only if you know your career account credentials if you have forgotten your career account or password     note: each year, the purdue university center for career opportunities conducts a first destination survey of all graduates. this information is utilized to provide summary data on your graduating class. this data is critical for the university's annual report and is also helpful to academic departments, current and prospective students and potential employers. please keep in mind: all information collected is strictly confidential and released only in aggregate form information is never released identifying specific students or employerspurdue college of science: computer science jobs quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency college of science menu home future students undergraduate dean's message who we are academics admissions careers and internships costs student life at purdue undergraduate curriculum visit our campus star tasks graduate current students undergraduate curriculum and degree requirements star tasks majors minors codo information scholarships learning beyond the classroom study abroad tutoring service/help sessions research majors faqs resources advising seeing a cos advisor walk-in schedule directory handbook international students international registration placement exams opportunities to get involved course selection criteria undergraduate research and poster symposium graduate careers alumni alumni events science recognition science alumni board science women for purdue science dean's club stories of impact give departments biological sciences chemistry computer science earth, atmospheric, and planetary sciences mathematics physics and astronomy statistics research biological sciences chemistry computer science earth, atmospheric, and planetary sciences mathematics department of physics and astronomy statistics outreach about science k-12 outreach teacher professional development long term partnerships student activities announcements & news departmental k-12 outreach and contact information people science administration biological sciences chemistry computer science earth, atmospheric, and planetary sciences mathematics physics and astronomy statistics science it home careers find a job computer science jobs computer science jobs make the most of your job seach by checking the mycco widget daily & exploring the job search databases below! below you will find job search databases categorized by area of work: computer science math/stat/actuarial other   computer science cs opportunity update: https://www.cs.purdue.edu/corporate/opportunity-update/index.html apple: http://www.apple.com association for computing machinery (acm): http://jobs.acm.org/home/index.cfm career marketplace: http://www.careermarketplace.com   cobol jobs: http://www.coboljobs.com/public/default.asp   code jobs: http://www.code-jobs.com/ computer jobs: http://www.computerjobs.co computer science unplugged: http://www.csunplugged.org   computer work: http://www.computerwork.com   computer world: http://itjobs.computerworld.com/a/all-jobs/list computing careers: http://jobs.acm.org/home/index.cfm computing research association: http://www.cra.org cmp technology network job postings: http://www.cmpnet.com/jobs/joblists.htm dell: http://www.dell.com/learn/us/en/uscorp1/careers developers.net: http://www.developers.net dice: http://www.dice.com gamejob: www.gamejob.com gemerecruiter: http://www.gamerecruiter.com/ ieee's careers site: http://careers.ieee.org/ internet jobs: http://www.internetjobs.com   it careers.com: http://itcareers.careercast.com   itpapers: www.techrepublic.com  java jobs: http://javajobs.com jobs in c++ http://www.cplusplusjobs.com/ jobs for programmers: http://www.prgjobs.com   just tech jobs: http://www.justtechjobs.com   microsoft: http://www.microsoft.com/jobs   monstertrak: http://www.monstertrak.com   odinjobs: http://www.odin.com/careers/open-jobs/ rtp preferred jobs: http://rtp.preferredjobs.com/index2.asp society for technical communication: http://www.stc.org/index.asp   software developer: http://www.softwaredeveloper.com   software jobs: http://www.softwarejobs.com tech-centric: http://www.tech-centric.net techies: http://www.techies.com   web programming jobs: http://www.webprogrammingjobs.com/public/default.asp math/stat/act american statistical association: http://www.amstat.org/jobweb/ deloitte: http://jobs.deloitte.com/ dice: http://www.dice.com/ employment information in the mathematical sciences: http://eims.ams.org/jobseekers/ i crunch data: http://www.icrunchdata.com/ institute of mathematical statistics: http://jobs.imstat.org/jobseeker/search/results/ math jobs: https://www.mathjobs.org/jobs mathworld: http://www.mathworld.wolfram.com   national council of teachers of mathematics www.nctm.org   plus magazine http://www.plus.maths.org   shell: http://www.shell.us/aboutshell/careers-tpkg.html society of actuaries: http://jobs.soa.org/home/index.cfm?site_id=367 statistics jobs: http://www.stat.ufl.edu/vlib/index.html worldwide actuarial search: http://www.dwsimpson.com/ other search engines mycco: https://www.cco.purdue.edu/mycco.aspx bright recruits: http://brightrecruits.com/tiptop/ national institute of standards & technology: http://www.nist.gov/ohrm/staffing/students.cfm new scientist: http://jobs.newscientist.com/ science magazine: http://scjobs.sciencemag.org/jobseekerx/searchjobsform.asp science careers: http://www.sciencecareersite.com/ science jobs: http://www.science-jobs-search.com/ the scientist: http://careers.the-scientist.com/ pharmiweb: http://www.pharmiweb.com/careers/searchchoice.asp usa jobs: https://www.usajobs.gov/ department of commerce: http://www.commerce.gov/about-commerce/careers indeed: http://www.indeed.com/ career path: http://www.careerpath.com/ college recruiter-entry level: http://www.collegerecruiter.com/ linkedin-entry level: https://www.linkedin.com/studentjobs after college-entry level: https://www.aftercollege.com/ ziprecruiter: https://www.ziprecruiter.com/college-jobs/ career development what can i do with a major in... schedule a career consultation programs & events build a professional profile find an internship or research experience find a job alumni profiles applying to graduate school post-graduation data report a hire news & publications news and publications insights - current issue summer 2016 e-news science calendar university news service purdue today giving giving to science planned giving diversity diversity programs multicultural science programs women in science programs people faculty & staff resources science administration science it science central employment purdue university college of science, 150 n. university st, west lafayette, in 47907 • phone: (765) 494-1729, fax: (765) 494-1736 student advising office: (765) 494-1771, fax: (765) 496-3015 • science it, (765) 494-4488 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the college of science webmaster.purdue university :: computer science :: resources < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan resources campus map ftp server libraries help pages lawson building felix haas hall policies computer science facilities general overview conference rooms instructional labs remote access to cs facilities facilities staff emergency support itap facilities oracle access building emergency plan strategic plan resources campus map ftp server libraries help pages lawson building felix haas hall policies computer science facilities building emergency plan strategic plan last updated: nov 13, 2014 5:29 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: business office < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan business office business office staff reportable outside activity policy calendars forms research sabbatical information business at purdue university policies related purdue links paying non purdue employees travel business office welcome to the computer science business office. the goal of our office is to provide timely customer service while giving clear direction and thoughtful guidance regarding university resources. our office provides expertise in several areas including payroll, travel, purchasing, sponsored programs and reimbursements. the resources provided on this page will help you quickly obtain the most current information you need. some links on this page will direct you away from the computer science webspace, so please contact bo@cs.purdue.edu if you encounter a bad link. if you have any questions or require personal assistance, please contact any member of the business office staff. we look forward to working with you.  process for limited submission competitions grants.gov: electronic submission  email business office last updated: oct 14, 2013 11:56 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue campus map - west lafayette campus map features printable map purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, 765-494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | integrity statement | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.purdue university :: computer science :: computer science facilities 	 < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan resources campus map ftp server libraries help pages lawson building felix haas hall policies computer science facilities general overview conference rooms instructional labs remote access to cs facilities facilities staff emergency support itap facilities oracle access building emergency plan strategic plan computer science facilities an overview describes the computing facilities available to members of the cs department. for authorized individuals looking to access unix machines and e-mail servers supported by the department from remote locations we provide software to allow you to do so with a reasonable degree of security. we currently support seven undergraduate computing labs. the information technology at purdue (itap) maintains a large number of research and instructional laboratories. most of the itap facilities are available to members of the cs department. campus resources information technology at purdue (itap) operates the rosen center for academic computing (rcac), now referred to as research computing. they have several large clusters of computers that are made up of nodes purchased by research faculty across campus. they also operate several large (petabytes) storage and archival systems. a few of the more recent additions at rcac are data depot -- fall 2014 hathi hadoop cluster -- fall 2014 conte cluster -- summer 2013 check out all their resources at https://www.rcac.purdue.edu/. purdue libraries maintains the purdue university research repository, an on-line collaborative working space and data-sharing platform to support the data management needs of purdue researchers and their collaborators. last updated: mar 27, 2015 3:58 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.main page - computer science support main page views page discussion view source history from computer science support jump to: navigation, search computer science support pages note: you need to log in with your purdue career account credentials to access material on this site. use the search feature on the left side of the page to find what you need. the topics below may provide more direct access to select pages. pages may be relevant to more than one topic. quick tips accounts backups e-mail linux oracle printing resources unix video web pages windows software emergency support submit a request or report a problem all pages it staff restricted area retrieved from "http://support.cs.purdue.edu/help/main_page" navigation main page recent changes wiki help toolbox what links here related changes special pages printable version permanent link personal tools log in this page was last modified on 7 december 2012, at 17:08. privacy policy about computer science support disclaimers powered by mediawiki 1.16.1purdue university :: computer science :: building emergency plan < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan resources campus map ftp server libraries help pages lawson building felix haas hall policies computer science facilities general overview conference rooms instructional labs remote access to cs facilities facilities staff emergency support itap facilities oracle access building emergency plan strategic plan lawson building emergency plan building emergency plan last updated: aug 6, 2013 1:15 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.home - computer science - library guides at purdue university libraries skip to main content menu hours databases ask a librarian my account purdue libraries library guides subject guides computer science home search this guide search computer science: home a guide to purdue library resources for research in computer science home e-resources foundations and trends bibliographies and search engines reference courses featured resources lecture notes in computer science (lncs) more than 6,500 volumes of collected conference proceedings, books, surveys, and tutorials representing scholarship in computer science since 1973. ieee xplore more than 2 million scholarly papers, standards, and abstracts representing all ieee journal and conference publications. full text is available online for all titles since 1998 and back to the first volume for selected titles. acm portal the acm digital library and its companion guide to computing literature include more than 300,000 full text articles representing all publications from the association of computing machinery, including communications of the acm. safari books online thousands of popular and professional books from o'reilly and other technology publishers available as e-books. foundations and trends over 100 e-books that provide a foundation and current research in databases, information retreival, cgt, machine learning, signal processing, theoretical computer science, hci, and web science. more computer science resources! purdue cs tech reports full archive of technical reports authored by purdue's department of computer science. recent reports: welcome as the librarian for computer science, i collaborate and consult with purdue faculty and students affiliated with the department. i teach classes and workshops and provide one-on-one research consultations in-person and via email. i also purchase new books, journals, multimedia, and other online research sources for the department as well as conduct my own research in digital libraries. browse this library guide to learn about library collections and other scholarly resources that are relevant for research in computer science. contact me if you need help researching your particular topic. locating information library collections are available in print and electronically. print collections relevant to computer science can be found in the mathematical sciences library and the siegesmund engineering library. you can search for both print and electronic journals, conferences, and books by title using the catalog from the libraries' main web page. resulting records will provide a link or physical location for of holdings. to search for articles within journals and papers within conference proceedings, you need to use a bibliographic search engine such as google scholar or dblp for general use or an electronic resource like ieee xplore or acm portal that are the best tools for specialized, in-depth research. click the e-resources tab at the top of this guide for suggested resources in computer science or you can browse our full list of electronic resources. access from off-campus our subscriptions to most electronic resources are limited to campus ip addresses. to access a resource from off-campus, be sure to use the links provided in our catalog, which are routed through a proxy server. after logging in with your career account and password, you should be able to access the resource. we don't have it? if we don't have access to the journal or book you need for your research, you can request it using interlibrary loan or email me to suggest that we purchase it. in most cases, you'll get it within a few days and without charge. subject guide michael witt email me contact: stew 174 765-494-8703website / blog page subjects:physical sciences questions? next: e-resources >> last updated: aug 26, 2016 8:38 am url: http://guides.lib.purdue.edu/cs print page login to libapps report a problem. subjects: engineering & technology, physical sciences login to libapps report a problem. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact accessibility@lib.purdue.edu.purdue university :: computer science :: policies < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan resources campus map ftp server libraries help pages lawson building felix haas hall policies computer science facilities general overview conference rooms instructional labs remote access to cs facilities facilities staff emergency support itap facilities oracle access building emergency plan strategic plan computer science academic and computing policiesacademic policies academic integrity policy it facilities policies acceptable use policy graduate accounts undergraduate accounts instructional accounts backup schedule printer usage printer toner netcam policy anonymous ftp use using find purdue university policies purdue policies homepage purdue ferpa policy purdue it policies  it policies home authentication and authorization (vii.b.1) privacy for electronic information (vii.b.2) data security and access policy (c-34) purdue pages on the world wide web, policy for (c-42) electronic mail (vii.a.1) last updated: aug 6, 2013 1:18 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: strategic plan < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan about us message from the head conte lecture series awards annual reports strategic plan diversity phd recipients history contact us cs calendars strategic plan strategic plan 2010-2015 last updated: jun 20, 2013 1:28 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue web authentication you have asked to login to: https://my.cs.purdue.edu/sign/default/user/login log in using your purdue career account login: password: to access the page you are requesting, a valid purdue university career account username and password must be provided. forgot your password? note: unauthorized access or misuse of computer resources or disclosure of sensitive information may result in disciplinary or legal action. read purdue's acceptable use policy. for security reasons, please logout and close your web browser once you have finished your session. send inquiries or comments to itap@purdue.edu purdue university, west lafayette, in 47907 usa, (765) 494-4600 © 2015 purdue university. an equal access, equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact the csc at itap@purdue.edu or (765) 494-4000.purdue university :: computer science :: prof. pothen's research team to solve large-scale network problems < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan news cs_49000 codecon faculty for the future pdogopportunity first in the field leecongdon tunr tapia conference naipc 2015 videos never ending learning solving large sparse linear systems: the exascale challenge exponential change: challenges and opportunities adventures in computer science all cs videos elisabertino_award sonia fahmy university scholar software engineering track ethan colombana memorial meet mathias payer ashish kundu master inventor 2014 dan goldwasser gracehopper2014 hackathon2014 meet tiark rompf facebook academy online course robo rally 2015 hambrusch cra memorial service for alberto apostolico six new faculty cs1802015 bestpapernitarotaru nsf fellowship softwareengineeringstudentssummer2015 artcollection2016 szpankowski_bementaward facebook academy 2015 boilermake2015 best paper acm ccs 2015 gracehopper2015 acmprogramming2015 b01lers ctf snatches victory testoftime_atallah ieee nfv-sdn best paper software engineering senior project f2015 szpankowski named distinguished professor whatsupdoc windward codewars 2016 learning community award 2016 barenboim ai's 10 to watch gleich sloan research fellow symantec graduate fellowship ndss best paper pengsiu_mei magic atallah_sigma xi software engineering senior spring 16 walid 10-year best paper pothen parallel computing center prof. pothen's research team to solve large-scale network problems08-25-2016 writer(s): purdue news service west lafayette, ind. – purdue university computer science professor alex pothen and his research team are working on solving problems associated with massive networks with billions of nodes and links, implications of which could be felt in areas ranging from medical research to consumer issues the team has been selected for funding for two years as a parallel computing center by intel corp. to design new algorithms and software for massive networks. “the good news about this gift from intel is not only the recurring funding, which will be very helpful, but we will have access to  the new processors that intel develops every year and its supercomputers. that will help us in our development of algorithms and software immensely,” pothen said. current state-of-the-art algorithms can take several days to process if the processing is even feasible at all. pothen and his group will work on solutions to decrease the time to a few hours or less. an example of an application of this work comes from the medical field. every year the united states produces about 19,000 medical school graduates, who must serve three-year residencies before they can practice. they rank the hospitals to which they’d like to go, and the hospitals rate them as well. these algorithms could match the medical students with hospitals so that the students get their best possible choices. similar problems arise in matching organ donors to recipients, in matching advertisers to search results on the web, etc. “we will use extreme-scale computers, consisting of tens of thousands of the latest processors available at intel and at the u.s. department of energy laboratories,” pothen said. “we will work on matching and edge cover problems in algorithmic computer science, and they have applications in many fields such as network science, computational science and engineering, and data science.” pothen will work with doctoral student arif khan, pradeep dubey and mostofa ali patwary  (intel parallel computing lab), and mahantesh halappanavar (pacific northwest national laboratory). this november, pothen and his fellow researchers will present their results at the acm/ieee supercomputing conference (sc16) in salt lake city. source: alex pothen, 765-496-9376, apothen@purdue.edu the original article written by the purdue university news sevice can be found at http://www.purdue.edu/newsroom/releases/2016/q3/computer-science-team-to-solve-large-scale-network-problems.html.       last updated: aug 25, 2016 11:22 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: prof. walid aref wins vldb 10-year best paper award < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan news cs_49000 codecon faculty for the future pdogopportunity first in the field leecongdon tunr tapia conference naipc 2015 videos never ending learning solving large sparse linear systems: the exascale challenge exponential change: challenges and opportunities adventures in computer science all cs videos elisabertino_award sonia fahmy university scholar software engineering track ethan colombana memorial meet mathias payer ashish kundu master inventor 2014 dan goldwasser gracehopper2014 hackathon2014 meet tiark rompf facebook academy online course robo rally 2015 hambrusch cra memorial service for alberto apostolico six new faculty cs1802015 bestpapernitarotaru nsf fellowship softwareengineeringstudentssummer2015 artcollection2016 szpankowski_bementaward facebook academy 2015 boilermake2015 best paper acm ccs 2015 gracehopper2015 acmprogramming2015 b01lers ctf snatches victory testoftime_atallah ieee nfv-sdn best paper software engineering senior project f2015 szpankowski named distinguished professor whatsupdoc windward codewars 2016 learning community award 2016 barenboim ai's 10 to watch gleich sloan research fellow symantec graduate fellowship ndss best paper pengsiu_mei magic atallah_sigma xi software engineering senior spring 16 walid 10-year best paper pothen parallel computing center prof. walid aref wins vldb 10-year best paper award07-26-2016 writer(s): staff reports professor walid aref, a member of the cs faculty for more than 16 years, has earned a cornerstone achievement in his career – earning the very large data bases (vldb) 10-year best paper award for the enduring legacy of a paper he published in 2006. his paper titled, “the new casper: query processing for location services without compromising privacy”, was co-authored with professors mohamed mokbel at the university of minnesota, and chi-yin chow at city university of hong kong. this award is given to authors (of papers presented at the vlbd conference 10 years ago) whose work has the most impact on database research since then. walid’s paper has a story behind it that dates back to 1999, when the nsf started its information technology research (itr) program. the target of this program was to solicit groundbreaking and innovative research in contrast to incremental or delta research. at the time, walid had the vision that location data and location services should be ubiquitous. satellites were already established and out there but at the same time, gps devices were unnecessarily expensive and not wide spread. walid said these scenarios were swirling in his mind. “why not make location detection devices, especially gpss, ubiquitous . . . what if all objects in space know their locations . . . what services can be offered . . . how will computing be affected . . . how databases and query processing engines and indexing techniques will scale to accommodate floods of location data,” he wondered. “of course, smart phones with gpss were not around in 1999. most likely, this is what made this project qualify as an nsf-itr groundbreaking project at the time,” he elaborated. walid said he teamed up with professors hambrusch and prabhakar (current cs department head) to write a proposal to the nsf itr program to seek funding for the pervasive location-aware computing environment (place) project that addresses database engine and query processing challenges when location data collection becomes ubiquitous. in place, the assumption is that all objects in space, whether mobile or stationary, have a location detection mechanism so that the object is aware of its location. the critical factor that motived the award-winning casper paper was that each object in space would not only know its location, but the object would also report its location to the place server. at this point, the place server would know the locations of all objects in space, and hence can provide unique location services. the place server would be receiving “streams” of location data in the form of (object identifier, location coordinates, time) as well as “streams” of user queries that request answers progressively.  some example queries include, continuously alert me when someone steps into my backyard, alert me when one of my pets is away by more than 100 feet from my house, and continuously report the three-nearest gas stations, as i am driving down the highway, to list a few. walid said other location services were envisioned for place, like aiding vision-challenged people to assist them in crossing the road. they surmised this would work because place would know the location of all objects in space around this person and it could allow for the individual to navigate the space safely, or hail a taxi cab without seeing it. place also would give a camera the capabilities to capture the metadata of the objects visible at the scene, by issuing a cone-shaped query to the place server. “while these services are offered today, in 1999, it was a bit of a stretch, and it certainly was a lesson learned in the importance of patenting,” walid added. the place project has furthered the success of many published papers, led to the creation of demo systems and prototypes, been the source of well-cited research, and the impetus of several ph.d. theses. as time evolved, place continued to remain relevant, as many new research challenges emerged. the most important challenge became the issue of privacy. many individuals feel uncomfortable sending their location information to a global server, as is the case with place. also, when someone issues a location-based query, their location is revealed. for example, the query find the three closest restaurants to me also reveals the current location of the person issuing the query. “so, the question arose – how do we process users’ queries and provide them with a wide spectrum of location services without compromising their privacy,” walid explained. walid and his fellow researchers were the first to address this question of location privacy from a database perspective – the subject of their casper paper that was published at the 2006 vldb conference in seoul, korea (the new casper paper), and was later demonstrated at the 2007 ieee international conference on data engineering conference (icde), and finally an upgraded version and extension of the casper algorithms was later published in the acm transactions on database systems journal (tods) in 2009 (the casper* paper). interestingly, the name “casper” was inspired by the cartoon character, casper the friendly ghost, who was a 1960’s cartoon that could hide its location and come to the aid of people in need, in various situations. fast-forwarding to 2016, the vision of the place project is now a reality. almost all smart-phones are enabled with location-detection devices and they report the users’ current locations to location servers in a similar way to that of place, e.g., taxi services, traffic and navigation services, flight status services, and gaming services. enjoyed by millions of players globally, the pokemon go craze is a prime example of a location service where individuals are having fun playing a game while at the same time voluntarily exposing their location. this can be quite dangerous, especially for young children. with casper, individuals can enjoy location services, e.g., games like pokemon go in safety, without the threat of having their location revealed. therefore, with the ubiquitous adoption of location services in almost all aspects of life, the need for location servers to follow casper-like approaches in offering location services (without compromising privacy) is more important now, than any time before.   last updated: jul 26, 2016 2:09 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: new faculty member, ribeiro, wins acm sigmetrics best paper award < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan news cs_49000 codecon faculty for the future pdogopportunity first in the field leecongdon tunr tapia conference naipc 2015 videos never ending learning solving large sparse linear systems: the exascale challenge exponential change: challenges and opportunities adventures in computer science all cs videos elisabertino_award sonia fahmy university scholar software engineering track ethan colombana memorial meet mathias payer ashish kundu master inventor 2014 dan goldwasser gracehopper2014 hackathon2014 meet tiark rompf facebook academy online course robo rally 2015 hambrusch cra memorial service for alberto apostolico six new faculty cs1802015 bestpapernitarotaru nsf fellowship softwareengineeringstudentssummer2015 artcollection2016 szpankowski_bementaward facebook academy 2015 boilermake2015 best paper acm ccs 2015 gracehopper2015 acmprogramming2015 b01lers ctf snatches victory testoftime_atallah ieee nfv-sdn best paper software engineering senior project f2015 szpankowski named distinguished professor whatsupdoc windward codewars 2016 learning community award 2016 barenboim ai's 10 to watch gleich sloan research fellow symantec graduate fellowship ndss best paper pengsiu_mei magic atallah_sigma xi software engineering senior spring 16 walid 10-year best paper pothen parallel computing center new faculty member, ribeiro, wins acm sigmetrics best paper award07-12-2016 writer(s): staff reports purdue assistant professor bruno ribeiro receives the acm sigmetrics 2016 best paper award for the work titled, “on the duration and intensity of competitions in nonlinear polya urn processes with fitness.” prof. ribeiro and his co-authors, daniel figueiredo (federal university of rio de janeiro, brazil) bo jiang and don towsley (umass amherst) set forth to investigate a mathematical model that is used to describe phenomena such as wealth inequality can be attributed to the difference in individuals’ skills or mostly luck. “in the competition for resources, “cumulative advantage” refers to the notion that accumulated resources foster the accumulation of further resources—a phenomenon that is widely used to explain the accumulation of wealth, customers, online followers, and paper citations,” ribeiro explained. “the oldest and arguably the simplest mathematical model to embody this general principle is the polya urn process, which finds applications in economics, biology, social and computer sciences, and machine learning under various names such as preferential attachment, “rich get richer,” the matthew effect, path-dependent increasing returns, chinese restaurant process, and processes with feedback,” he added. the polya urn model originated in 1923 with the work of eggenberger and polya. a general version of the model incorporates skill and nonlinear cumulative advantage attractiveness. skill (fitness) refers to the inherent ability of agents to accumulate resources while nonlinearity refers to chances of accumulating further resources that are sub/super-linear in the amount of resources already accumulated. ribeiro’s and co-authors work provides the first full characterization of key metrics such as the duration and intensity of competitions in this foundational model. “for instance, for both linear and super-linear cumulative advantage competitions we show that within finite horizons there are many competition instances where the most skilled individual gathers less wealth than a less skilled individual, thus demonstrating that luck frequently trumps skill. interestingly, in super-linear competitions, durations are heavy tailed with a slope does not depend on the difference in skill between the competitors, showing the extreme role of luck over skill in the outcome,” ribeiro explained. ribeiro expects these results will shed light on the mechanisms of resource accumulation in a variety of disciplines, hopefully ensuring that new systems are designed so that skill does play a greater role in resource accumulation than luck. the acm sigmetrics 2016 conference was held at the congress center of antibes juan-les-pins, france from june 14-18. sigmetrics and performance, held jointly this year, are respectively the flagship conferences of the association for computing machinery (acm) special interest group for the computer systems performance evaluation community and the international federation for information processing (ifip) working group wg7.3 on performance modeling and analysis. last updated: jul 12, 2016 8:36 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: science magazine features prof. gleich's research < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan news cs_49000 codecon faculty for the future pdogopportunity first in the field leecongdon tunr tapia conference naipc 2015 videos never ending learning solving large sparse linear systems: the exascale challenge exponential change: challenges and opportunities adventures in computer science all cs videos elisabertino_award sonia fahmy university scholar software engineering track ethan colombana memorial meet mathias payer ashish kundu master inventor 2014 dan goldwasser gracehopper2014 hackathon2014 meet tiark rompf facebook academy online course robo rally 2015 hambrusch cra memorial service for alberto apostolico six new faculty cs1802015 bestpapernitarotaru nsf fellowship softwareengineeringstudentssummer2015 artcollection2016 szpankowski_bementaward facebook academy 2015 boilermake2015 best paper acm ccs 2015 gracehopper2015 acmprogramming2015 b01lers ctf snatches victory testoftime_atallah ieee nfv-sdn best paper software engineering senior project f2015 szpankowski named distinguished professor whatsupdoc windward codewars 2016 learning community award 2016 barenboim ai's 10 to watch gleich sloan research fellow symantec graduate fellowship ndss best paper pengsiu_mei magic atallah_sigma xi software engineering senior spring 16 walid 10-year best paper pothen parallel computing center science magazine features prof. gleich's research07-08-2016 writer(s): staff reports all fields and disciplines in science are now “drowning in data” to use what is a current cliché and everyone is desperate for new ways to organize and understand this information.  assistant professor david gleich, along with co-authors austin r. benson and jure leskovec of stanford, have proposed an entirely new and powerful way of organizing networks of data in an article in science magazine.  networks are a standard and intuitive representation of data throughout the sciences.  they consist of objects and their relationships. facebook is one of the most widely known networks, which consists of people and their friendships. another example is the airport network, which consists of flights between airports.  “in science, biologists routinely create networks to study the processes inside our bodies and cells. neuroscientists also use networks to study the interactions in our brains,” gleich said. the dominant strategy so far has been to study networks in terms of their individual nodes and edges. gleich and his colleagues instead study the organization of networks in terms of small patterns, called networks motifs. “our approach, uses multiple nodes and edges for our basic analytic tool,” says austin benson, a graduate student in computational mathematics at stanford university. “instead of two cities and a flight line for an air transportation network, we’ll incorporate another city or cities, and additional flight lines. that allows us to create ‘motifs’—small networks that are essentially modules (of the whole) that can be used to predict and control larger networks.” “by incorporating more data into your basic building block, you end up with a complex network description that is far richer than any that would result from a node-and-edge approach,” says leskovec, an assistant professor at stanford university. he notes that this development could streamline research in many fields. gleich and his collaborators said their new technique has fundamental advantages over previous work on a problem that is generally referred to as community detection, graph partitioning, or network clustering.   “more and more, large, complicated data sets are presented as networks,” benson says. “but it’s virtually impossible to look at any one of these sets as a whole because they’re simply too big. you have to be able to tear them into pieces to understand the whole. and not only that, how you look at the pieces is very important. our method allows you to break data into components that can be understood, and then used to describe and understand the bigger, complex networks to which they belong.” one of the key features of their method is that it is able to capture the complexity of modern network data that includes directed edges, like one-way roads, and various behaviors that exist on an edge, such as if one gene is activated, then another gene is repressed. “because we use a new way of representing the network for analysis, our method is easily able to work with these directed and signed networks, whereas most existing methods used representations that didn’t precisely preserve the meaning of these features,” gleich continued. one of the challenges the team faced was keeping the final method they developed easy to use. “this is a powerful new idea. towards that end, we built a project website where anyone can reproduce the figures from our paper on their own system. we hope this will enable them to use our new techniques on their own data to quickly find new insights in their own domains.”   for more information, please read their report in science: austin r. benson, david f. gleich, jure leskovec. higher-order organization of complex networks. science, 2016 http://dx.doi.org/10.1126/science.aad9029 and the associated perspective piece by nataša pržulj and noël malod-dognin, network analytics in the age of big data:  http://dx.doi.org/10.1126/science.aah3449. their code and data are also available at http://snap.stanford.edu/higher-order/. the stanford news service has also written a complementary article about their work at http://news.stanford.edu/press-releases/2016/07/08/stanford-led-effcontrol-networks/. more coverage available at phys.org http://phys.org/news/2016-07-mathematical-framework-network-relationships.html.     last updated: jul 8, 2016 12:01 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: distinguished prof. atallah wins sigma xi research award < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan news cs_49000 codecon faculty for the future pdogopportunity first in the field leecongdon tunr tapia conference naipc 2015 videos never ending learning solving large sparse linear systems: the exascale challenge exponential change: challenges and opportunities adventures in computer science all cs videos elisabertino_award sonia fahmy university scholar software engineering track ethan colombana memorial meet mathias payer ashish kundu master inventor 2014 dan goldwasser gracehopper2014 hackathon2014 meet tiark rompf facebook academy online course robo rally 2015 hambrusch cra memorial service for alberto apostolico six new faculty cs1802015 bestpapernitarotaru nsf fellowship softwareengineeringstudentssummer2015 artcollection2016 szpankowski_bementaward facebook academy 2015 boilermake2015 best paper acm ccs 2015 gracehopper2015 acmprogramming2015 b01lers ctf snatches victory testoftime_atallah ieee nfv-sdn best paper software engineering senior project f2015 szpankowski named distinguished professor whatsupdoc windward codewars 2016 learning community award 2016 barenboim ai's 10 to watch gleich sloan research fellow symantec graduate fellowship ndss best paper pengsiu_mei magic atallah_sigma xi software engineering senior spring 16 walid 10-year best paper pothen parallel computing center distinguished prof. atallah wins sigma xi research award04-25-2016 writer(s): jesica e. hollinger distinguished professor mikhail atallah has been recognized among the elite – winning the purdue sigma xi scientific research award. the only other member of the cs department to earn the award occurred in 1994, when john rice, former professor and department head was selected. since 1950, the purdue sigma xi chapter has awarded sixty-six recipients. two of these recipients have been awarded the nobel prize for research – harry brown and ei-ichi negishi, both from the department of chemistry. nine of these 66 recipients have also been elected into the prestigious national academy of sciences (nas) membership and national academy of engineering (nae). recipients are evaluated on the merits of their scientific research accomplishments, rather than their service to the university or other career accomplishments. applicants were asked to select five of their most significant publications/patents – no small task for atallah, who has more than 258 publications and eight patents. prof. atallah joined the cs department in 1982. his work falls under the broad category of the design of efficient solutions to important computational and information-security problems, where “efficiency” is in terms of computation time, storage space, network communication, economic cost, and a combination thereof. his work has spanned both the traditional framework, and the parallel/distributed, including cases in which the computation involves multiple parties that do not trust each other. one of prof. atallah’s major accomplishments earned him the 2015 acm ccs test of time award for his paper, “dynamic and efficient key management for access hierarchies” published in 2005 with fellow authors and winners marina blanton, assistant professor of computer science and engineering at notre dame university, and keith b. frikken, a software engineer at google.  prof. atallah was the phd advisor for both blanton and frikken. this paper solves an important problem in cryptographic key management, making the distinction clear between the attacker’s two goals of recovering keys, or even distinguishing keys at random. the solution and its construction are still valid and used today, and the paper is a building block in many constructions for other researchers. another of atallah’s major achievements includes his paper, “protecting software code by guards” co-authored with his (then) graduate student, hoi chang. this paper was  the impetus for arxan technologies inc. that was developed with the assistance of  chang, distinguished professor emeritus john rice, former assistant head tim korb, and local entrepreneur, eric davis. the technology they established is one of the leading providers of software security solutions. in 2013, arxan was acquired by ta associates, a private equity firm. the sigma xi scientific research society is not affiliated with a fraternity or sorority, but is a non-profit honor society founded at cornell university in 1886. the society has more than 500 chapters in north america and around the world. the greek letters "sigma" and "xi" form the acronym of the society's motto, spoudon xynones or "companions in zealous research".   last updated: apr 25, 2016 8:59 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: cs researchers win best paper award at acm codaspy 2016 < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan news cs_49000 codecon faculty for the future pdogopportunity first in the field leecongdon tunr tapia conference naipc 2015 videos never ending learning solving large sparse linear systems: the exascale challenge exponential change: challenges and opportunities adventures in computer science all cs videos elisabertino_award sonia fahmy university scholar software engineering track ethan colombana memorial meet mathias payer ashish kundu master inventor 2014 dan goldwasser gracehopper2014 hackathon2014 meet tiark rompf facebook academy online course robo rally 2015 hambrusch cra memorial service for alberto apostolico six new faculty cs1802015 bestpapernitarotaru nsf fellowship softwareengineeringstudentssummer2015 artcollection2016 szpankowski_bementaward facebook academy 2015 boilermake2015 best paper acm ccs 2015 gracehopper2015 acmprogramming2015 b01lers ctf snatches victory testoftime_atallah ieee nfv-sdn best paper software engineering senior project f2015 szpankowski named distinguished professor whatsupdoc windward codewars 2016 learning community award 2016 barenboim ai's 10 to watch gleich sloan research fellow symantec graduate fellowship ndss best paper pengsiu_mei magic atallah_sigma xi software engineering senior spring 16 walid 10-year best paper pothen parallel computing center cs researchers win best paper award at acm codaspy 201603-30-2016 writer(s): staff reports researchers from the purdue computer science department, institute for infocomm research and samsung research america won the best paper award at the 6th acm conference on data and application security and privacy conference, recently held in new orleans, la. the paper, "differentially private k-means clustering" is co-authored by ph.d. candidate dong su and his advisor, professor ninghui li, in collaboration with professor elisa bertino, dr. jianneng cao from institute for infocomm research, and dr. hongxia jin from samsung research america.   the paper describes a new approach for releasing data for k-means clustering with high accuracy while preserving the privacy of individuals whose data are used.  k-means clustering aims to partition a set of observations (data points) into k clusters in which each observation belongs to the cluster with the nearest mean, serving as a prototype of the cluster. it is a widely used technique for exploratory data analysis.   the challenging issue addressed by the paper is how to support efficient and high-quality clustering while at the same assuring the privacy of individuals to whom the data refer to. the approach described in the paper satisfies differential privacy, a strong privacy notion that aims at approximating the effect of opting-out.  the paper also reports extensive experimental analysis assessing how and why previous algorithms did not perform as well as the proposed technique.   "the technique developed in the paper is relevant for many different application domains, such as domains requiring data to be clustered around geographical locations. an example of such domains is protection from bio-terrorism in which it is critical to assess unusual high occurrences of diseases symptoms at certain locations,” said prof. bertino.”  “techniques like the one proposed in the paper are increasingly relevant in today big data era as we need to be able to effectively use data while at the same assuring data privacy,” she added. acm sigsac created the codaspy conference with the intention of providing a venue for high-quality research in the area of security and privacy, fostering a community of those focused on cyber security. researchers who participate are seeking new and innovative ways to protect cyber infrastructure, which has become increasingly vulnerable to criminals, spies and predators. prof. bertino also is the director of the cyber center in purdue's discovery park, and research director of the center for education and research in information assurance and security (cerias). the winning paper can be viewed at:   http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=2857708&cfid=591601884&cftoken=620928 last updated: mar 30, 2016 11:20 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: cs researchers' paper on apt defense won ndss'16 distinguished paper award < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan news cs_49000 codecon faculty for the future pdogopportunity first in the field leecongdon tunr tapia conference naipc 2015 videos never ending learning solving large sparse linear systems: the exascale challenge exponential change: challenges and opportunities adventures in computer science all cs videos elisabertino_award sonia fahmy university scholar software engineering track ethan colombana memorial meet mathias payer ashish kundu master inventor 2014 dan goldwasser gracehopper2014 hackathon2014 meet tiark rompf facebook academy online course robo rally 2015 hambrusch cra memorial service for alberto apostolico six new faculty cs1802015 bestpapernitarotaru nsf fellowship softwareengineeringstudentssummer2015 artcollection2016 szpankowski_bementaward facebook academy 2015 boilermake2015 best paper acm ccs 2015 gracehopper2015 acmprogramming2015 b01lers ctf snatches victory testoftime_atallah ieee nfv-sdn best paper software engineering senior project f2015 szpankowski named distinguished professor whatsupdoc windward codewars 2016 learning community award 2016 barenboim ai's 10 to watch gleich sloan research fellow symantec graduate fellowship ndss best paper pengsiu_mei magic atallah_sigma xi software engineering senior spring 16 walid 10-year best paper pothen parallel computing center cs researchers' paper on apt defense won ndss'16 distinguished paper award03-08-2016 writer(s): staff reports researchers from the purdue computer science department won the distinguished paper award at the network and distributed system security symposium 2016 (ndss'16), a top-tier cybersecurity conference held in san diego last month (feb. 21 - 24). the paper, "protracer: towards practical provenance tracing by alternating between logging and tainting", was co-authored by ph.d. student, shiqing ma with his advisors, professors xiangyu zhang and dongyan xu. it was one of only four papers sharing the award from the 60 papers accepted from 389 submissions. the paper presents the authors' new provenance tracing system, protracer, which collects lineage of system data at the operating system (os) level, and enables system administrators and attack investigators to understand the root cause of an advanced persistent threat (apt) attack, which may have occurred long ago, or determine the ramifications of the apt attack for possible recovery. traditional provenance tracing approaches suffer from many problems including but not limited to high run-time overhead, high storage overhead, and the "dependency explosion" problem for log analytics. protracer re-designs the os-level audit tracing architecture, leverages cutting-edge program analysis methods, and employs a novel online event processing mechanism. particularly, by performing system-level and in an alternating fashion, protracer overcomes the limitations of logging and tainting techniques (when applied alone) while leveraging their respective advantages. the team's current research in apt attack prevention, detection, forensics, and recovery has been supported in part by the defense advanced research projects agency (darpa), national science foundation (nsf), office of naval research (onr), and cisco systems. in particular, they are part of darpa's transparent computing program, which aims at making system/network component operations and interactions more transparent for better defense against advanced, stealthy cyberattacks such as apts.     last updated: mar 8, 2016 12:52 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: prof. gleich named sloan research fellow for 2016 < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan news cs_49000 codecon faculty for the future pdogopportunity first in the field leecongdon tunr tapia conference naipc 2015 videos never ending learning solving large sparse linear systems: the exascale challenge exponential change: challenges and opportunities adventures in computer science all cs videos elisabertino_award sonia fahmy university scholar software engineering track ethan colombana memorial meet mathias payer ashish kundu master inventor 2014 dan goldwasser gracehopper2014 hackathon2014 meet tiark rompf facebook academy online course robo rally 2015 hambrusch cra memorial service for alberto apostolico six new faculty cs1802015 bestpapernitarotaru nsf fellowship softwareengineeringstudentssummer2015 artcollection2016 szpankowski_bementaward facebook academy 2015 boilermake2015 best paper acm ccs 2015 gracehopper2015 acmprogramming2015 b01lers ctf snatches victory testoftime_atallah ieee nfv-sdn best paper software engineering senior project f2015 szpankowski named distinguished professor whatsupdoc windward codewars 2016 learning community award 2016 barenboim ai's 10 to watch gleich sloan research fellow symantec graduate fellowship ndss best paper pengsiu_mei magic atallah_sigma xi software engineering senior spring 16 walid 10-year best paper pothen parallel computing center prof. gleich named sloan research fellow for 20162-23-2016 writer(s): jesica e. hollinger the alfred p. sloan foundation names david gleich as one of the 126 “early career scientists of outstanding promise” for 2016.  as one of this year’s recipients of the sloan research fellowship, gleich is recognized for distinguished performance in his research and for his unique potential to make substantial contributions to his field. gleich’s research deals with enabling currently infeasible analysis of large data in science and engineering. he works to craft new methods that combine insights about how computer algorithms behave on these data with complex engineering characteristics of the computers themselves.  "research that successfully integrates these two ideas is exceedingly rare," said department head sunil prabhakar. “the software i've written based on this research has been used to study reducing jet-noise from new airplanes, to study how to identify different types of tissue in an mri scan, to find groups of related proteins between different animals, among even more diverse uses,” gleich explained.  he sees that the fellowship will greatly benefit his work and allow it to evolve in exciting new ways.  it also will provide him the resources to further make high-quality software based on the research available for others to use. gleich said he was both honored and humbled when he learned the news. “i feel very grateful to the mentors and collaborators that i’ve had during my life,” he added. the alfred p. sloan foundation is a philanthropic, not-for-profit grantmaking institution based in new york city. established in 1934 by alfred pritchard sloan jr., then-president and chief executive officer of the general motors corporation, the foundation makes grants in support of original research and education in science, technology, engineering, mathematics and economic performance. a complete listing of sloan fellowship recipients is available at http://www.sloan.org/fileadmin/media/files/press_releases/2016_srf_press_release_vf.pdf   last updated: feb 23, 2016 10:23 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: new professional master’s degree in information security < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan news cs_49000 codecon faculty for the future pdogopportunity first in the field leecongdon tunr tapia conference naipc 2015 videos never ending learning solving large sparse linear systems: the exascale challenge exponential change: challenges and opportunities adventures in computer science all cs videos elisabertino_award sonia fahmy university scholar software engineering track ethan colombana memorial meet mathias payer ashish kundu master inventor 2014 dan goldwasser gracehopper2014 hackathon2014 meet tiark rompf facebook academy online course robo rally 2015 hambrusch cra memorial service for alberto apostolico six new faculty cs1802015 bestpapernitarotaru nsf fellowship softwareengineeringstudentssummer2015 artcollection2016 szpankowski_bementaward facebook academy 2015 boilermake2015 best paper acm ccs 2015 gracehopper2015 acmprogramming2015 b01lers ctf snatches victory testoftime_atallah ieee nfv-sdn best paper software engineering senior project f2015 szpankowski named distinguished professor whatsupdoc windward codewars 2016 learning community award 2016 barenboim ai's 10 to watch gleich sloan research fellow symantec graduate fellowship ndss best paper pengsiu_mei magic atallah_sigma xi software engineering senior spring 16 walid 10-year best paper pothen parallel computing center new professional master’s degree in information security02-26-2016 writer(s): randy bond the graduate school this week approved a new computer science master’s degree concentration in information security.  the cs department has a long history of research and teaching in information security, and now this new, focused professional master’s degree draws on that strength.   the concentration, called information security for computing professionals (iscp), is designed for either recent bachelor’s degree students from a computing major, or for professionals with a strong programming background.  beginning with foundational, summer gateway courses, the pace of the program will enable students to be in residence at purdue for just one calendar year.  while drawing on the curricular strength of the department’s traditional security courses, the iscp program adds new, more applied courses to the curriculum that focus on a variety of information security topics and related tools, including security analytics; software security; network security; data security and privacy; and social, economic, and legal aspects of security. this approval comes late in the graduate student application cycle, but the department hopes to host its first iscp cohort beginning this summer session in mid june. read more about the program and apply at: https://www.cs.purdue.edu/iscp/.  the application deadline is currently set at march 31, 2016. last updated: feb 26, 2016 11:04 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: cs grad students and advisor earn best paper < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan news cs_49000 codecon faculty for the future pdogopportunity first in the field leecongdon tunr tapia conference naipc 2015 videos never ending learning solving large sparse linear systems: the exascale challenge exponential change: challenges and opportunities adventures in computer science all cs videos elisabertino_award sonia fahmy university scholar software engineering track ethan colombana memorial meet mathias payer ashish kundu master inventor 2014 dan goldwasser gracehopper2014 hackathon2014 meet tiark rompf facebook academy online course robo rally 2015 hambrusch cra memorial service for alberto apostolico six new faculty cs1802015 bestpapernitarotaru nsf fellowship softwareengineeringstudentssummer2015 artcollection2016 szpankowski_bementaward facebook academy 2015 boilermake2015 best paper acm ccs 2015 gracehopper2015 acmprogramming2015 b01lers ctf snatches victory testoftime_atallah ieee nfv-sdn best paper software engineering senior project f2015 szpankowski named distinguished professor whatsupdoc windward codewars 2016 learning community award 2016 barenboim ai's 10 to watch gleich sloan research fellow symantec graduate fellowship ndss best paper pengsiu_mei magic atallah_sigma xi software engineering senior spring 16 walid 10-year best paper pothen parallel computing center cs grad students and advisor earn best paper 08-31-16 writer(s): jesica e. hollinger samuel jero, hyojeong lee (hyo), and cristina nita-rotaru earned best paper award this summer at the 45th ieee/ifip international conference on dependable systems and networks (dsn) in rio de janeiro. the ieee/ifip international conference on dependable systems and networks (dsn) is the most prestigious international forum for presenting advanced and innovative research results, problem solutions, practices, insights on new challenges in the field of dependable computing and security. their paper “leveraging state information for automated attack discovery in transport protocol implementations" studies certain types of attacks against implementations of network transport protocols, like tcp. these protocols underlie the vast majority of internet communication, from email to web browsing to instant messaging to file transfer.  jero is a third year ph.d. student studying network security with a focus on transport protocols.  “despite their importance, these protocols are difficult to implement correctly and a long string of bugs and vulnerabilities dating back to 1985 exists,” jero said. “our system snake (state-based network attack explorer) is designed to automatically find attacks against transport protocols without requiring the users to instrument the code. we envision our system being used by developers to test their protocol implementations prior to release to identify and fix vulnerabilities and bugs, resulting in better, safer implementations and more secure and robust internet communication,” he added. lee obtained her ph.d from purdue in december 2014 and subsequently joined google. in her ph.d. thesis she studied automated performance attack discovery in distributed system implementations. the work on snake was conducted while she was still a graduate student at purdue. she said the research she gained working with jero and professor nita-rotaru has helped her tremendously in her career. “for me (more than the award) the work itself helped my career. currently, i'm working at google, building testing infrastructure for google network, which is very related to this work and my ph.d. work at purdue,” lee said. “having the experience with automated testing of distributed systems and network protocols was very helpful for me to get this job and be prepared to do it,” she added. professor nita-rotaru said that snake is part of a larger project she started with her colleague charles killian and funded by the nsf secure and trusted computing program.  "as almost every aspect of everyday life depends on distributed systems and network protocols, it is critical to ensure that they work according to their intended specifications in spite of faults, misconfigurations, or attacks,’’ nita-rotaru said. "the overall goals of our project are to build  easy-to-use and maintain, low cost platforms to find reproducible, real, high-impact, malicious performance attacks on distributed systems implementations in realistic environments,’’ she added. more information about the project is available at http://ds2.cs.purdue.edu/autoattack.html samuel jero, featured on the cs homepage slider image is still pursuing his degree in the cs department, while hyo continues her work as a software engineering for google. last updated: feb 16, 2016 9:52 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: new faculty member, ribeiro, wins acm sigmetrics best paper award < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan news cs_49000 codecon faculty for the future pdogopportunity first in the field leecongdon tunr tapia conference naipc 2015 videos never ending learning solving large sparse linear systems: the exascale challenge exponential change: challenges and opportunities adventures in computer science all cs videos elisabertino_award sonia fahmy university scholar software engineering track ethan colombana memorial meet mathias payer ashish kundu master inventor 2014 dan goldwasser gracehopper2014 hackathon2014 meet tiark rompf facebook academy online course robo rally 2015 hambrusch cra memorial service for alberto apostolico six new faculty cs1802015 bestpapernitarotaru nsf fellowship softwareengineeringstudentssummer2015 artcollection2016 szpankowski_bementaward facebook academy 2015 boilermake2015 best paper acm ccs 2015 gracehopper2015 acmprogramming2015 b01lers ctf snatches victory testoftime_atallah ieee nfv-sdn best paper software engineering senior project f2015 szpankowski named distinguished professor whatsupdoc windward codewars 2016 learning community award 2016 barenboim ai's 10 to watch gleich sloan research fellow symantec graduate fellowship ndss best paper pengsiu_mei magic atallah_sigma xi software engineering senior spring 16 walid 10-year best paper pothen parallel computing center new faculty member, ribeiro, wins acm sigmetrics best paper award07-12-2016 writer(s): staff reports purdue assistant professor bruno ribeiro receives the acm sigmetrics 2016 best paper award for the work titled, “on the duration and intensity of competitions in nonlinear polya urn processes with fitness.” prof. ribeiro and his co-authors, daniel figueiredo (federal university of rio de janeiro, brazil) bo jiang and don towsley (umass amherst) set forth to investigate a mathematical model that is used to describe phenomena such as wealth inequality can be attributed to the difference in individuals’ skills or mostly luck. “in the competition for resources, “cumulative advantage” refers to the notion that accumulated resources foster the accumulation of further resources—a phenomenon that is widely used to explain the accumulation of wealth, customers, online followers, and paper citations,” ribeiro explained. “the oldest and arguably the simplest mathematical model to embody this general principle is the polya urn process, which finds applications in economics, biology, social and computer sciences, and machine learning under various names such as preferential attachment, “rich get richer,” the matthew effect, path-dependent increasing returns, chinese restaurant process, and processes with feedback,” he added. the polya urn model originated in 1923 with the work of eggenberger and polya. a general version of the model incorporates skill and nonlinear cumulative advantage attractiveness. skill (fitness) refers to the inherent ability of agents to accumulate resources while nonlinearity refers to chances of accumulating further resources that are sub/super-linear in the amount of resources already accumulated. ribeiro’s and co-authors work provides the first full characterization of key metrics such as the duration and intensity of competitions in this foundational model. “for instance, for both linear and super-linear cumulative advantage competitions we show that within finite horizons there are many competition instances where the most skilled individual gathers less wealth than a less skilled individual, thus demonstrating that luck frequently trumps skill. interestingly, in super-linear competitions, durations are heavy tailed with a slope does not depend on the difference in skill between the competitors, showing the extreme role of luck over skill in the outcome,” ribeiro explained. ribeiro expects these results will shed light on the mechanisms of resource accumulation in a variety of disciplines, hopefully ensuring that new systems are designed so that skill does play a greater role in resource accumulation than luck. the acm sigmetrics 2016 conference was held at the congress center of antibes juan-les-pins, france from june 14-18. sigmetrics and performance, held jointly this year, are respectively the flagship conferences of the association for computing machinery (acm) special interest group for the computer systems performance evaluation community and the international federation for information processing (ifip) working group wg7.3 on performance modeling and analysis. last updated: jul 12, 2016 8:36 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: building projects, building teams, building character < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan news cs_49000 codecon faculty for the future pdogopportunity first in the field leecongdon tunr tapia conference naipc 2015 videos never ending learning solving large sparse linear systems: the exascale challenge exponential change: challenges and opportunities adventures in computer science all cs videos elisabertino_award sonia fahmy university scholar software engineering track ethan colombana memorial meet mathias payer ashish kundu master inventor 2014 dan goldwasser gracehopper2014 hackathon2014 meet tiark rompf facebook academy online course robo rally 2015 hambrusch cra memorial service for alberto apostolico six new faculty cs1802015 bestpapernitarotaru nsf fellowship softwareengineeringstudentssummer2015 artcollection2016 szpankowski_bementaward facebook academy 2015 boilermake2015 best paper acm ccs 2015 gracehopper2015 acmprogramming2015 b01lers ctf snatches victory testoftime_atallah ieee nfv-sdn best paper software engineering senior project f2015 szpankowski named distinguished professor whatsupdoc windward codewars 2016 learning community award 2016 barenboim ai's 10 to watch gleich sloan research fellow symantec graduate fellowship ndss best paper pengsiu_mei magic atallah_sigma xi software engineering senior spring 16 walid 10-year best paper pothen parallel computing center building projects, building teams, building character05-03-2016 writer(s): jesica e. hollinger recognize a need. fill a niche. make it easy, make it affordable, and make it accessible. those are the software development orders for the students of cs 49000-sep (software engineering senior project), who work in synergistic teams for an entire semester to design and develop apps or products with the potential to improve society and to enhance the quality of life. professor dunsmore directs the software engineering senior project. he said the senior project is the capstone course for students in the software engineering track.  “it is so rewarding to see these teams put together everything they have learned in their core courses, their software engineering courses, and even skills they have acquired on their own to create a professional-quality product – most of which are just amazing," dunsmore said. at the beginning of the semester, students are presented with a variety of project selections. some of the projects are requested from the members of the cs department’s corporate partners program.  students also have the option of creating a project of their own – and many have, as they realize a need for an app or product that either doesn’t exist, isn’t accessible for everyone, or needs tweaking to make it more user-friendly. cs graduate student alina nesen is the project coordinator for the teams and works with each of them on a weekly basis. she said that in order for a project to be successful, every team member must do his or her best.  “over the semester the students learn to work together as a team, to respect each other, and to understand each other's strengths and weaknesses when doing the sprint planning and distributing tasks among teammates,” nesen said.  “the cs 49000-sep software engineering senior project also teaches them to collaborate with their colleagues in a professional manner,” she added. team members of hubless generic, who include rachel gully, joseph koncel, david tschida, and ben wencke tackled a project that provides a seamless and affordable internet of things (iot) experience for every household, providing a platform that offers the most intuitive device setup and control on the market – with no hidden costs like hubs or subscriptions. many of the current iot solutions are prohibitively expensive and require considerable technical knowledge to operate effectively. ben wencke said the project gave his team a unique opportunity to engineer a fully-scalable distributed system on the cloud. “due to the nature of the class and the project, we were able to utilize enterprise technologies to achieve our goal which gave us valuable experience we can apply to our careers,” wencke said. “in many other classes we were asked to write code, but many times that code is very siloed. in this course, we had the opportunity to address new challenges that previous classes only touched on,” he explained. santiago abondano, ben ahlbrand, john masterson, austin rauschuber, jacob richwine, and paul ryan are the creators of pixeltone. their project is a web application that utilizes computer vision techniques to detect facial emotions (along with image color analysis) in order to compose personalized music based on any image – from facebook to wedding photos.  jacob richwine said that working together as a team helped them learn how to focus and how to utilize each teammate’s individual strengths, while juggling everyone’s schedules. “it was an experience to deal with the competing ideas in design and implementation,” richwine said. “after spending several late nights completing tasks, it was a great feeling for all of us to merge code together and see (or in our case hear) the results of our labors,” he related. the team members of lab broadcaster include nishant moorthy, david olaves-mullican, simon smith, and brian shrawder who together set forth to develop an android app and a website that would help minimize the time spent looking for an open lab seat in the cs department. “lab broadcaster is a software tool that lets cs students know a lab’s capacity and allows users to broadcast themselves to help, or get help from other students,” olaves-mullican said.  he said working with his particular group was among the ‘greatest team experiences’ he’s had as a student in cs. “there were so many paths we could take to design and implement this project and we all bounced ideas off of each other and found the best solution, which helped create great teamwork and a great project. we all did our part of the work on the project and it turned out to be a great success,” he elaborated. rashmi iyer, kyle rodd, tyler springer, cris shumate, hayden thomas, and ivan zhang are the team members of smartroom, who created an iot-type project that helps integrate the devices in a home residence. users can control things like lights and speakers, while connecting them to an intruder alarm. smartroom also was created with the flexibility to add new devices. tyler springer said their project is more focused and user-friendly than other integrated home solutions currently available on the market. “in today’s fast-paced world, people desire technological integration across all their devices, smart or otherwise,” springer said. “in order to achieve this goal, our team decided to create a ‘smartroom’ that would be easy and efficient to use,” he explained. each year, the enrollment for the software engineering senior project continues to grow. this spring 2016 semester there were 14 teams of 64 students.  already, 84 students have registered for fall 2016. this will be a record – far more students than any previous semester.  throughout the years, students have reported that this course is among their favorites in, not only cs, but their entire coursework for their undergraduate degree at purdue. not bad for a computer science software engineering track requirement.         last updated: may 3, 2016 1:07 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: cos names gustavo rodriguez-rivera top undergraduate teacher < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan news cs_49000 codecon faculty for the future pdogopportunity first in the field leecongdon tunr tapia conference naipc 2015 videos never ending learning solving large sparse linear systems: the exascale challenge exponential change: challenges and opportunities adventures in computer science all cs videos elisabertino_award sonia fahmy university scholar software engineering track ethan colombana memorial meet mathias payer ashish kundu master inventor 2014 dan goldwasser gracehopper2014 hackathon2014 meet tiark rompf facebook academy online course robo rally 2015 hambrusch cra memorial service for alberto apostolico six new faculty cs1802015 bestpapernitarotaru nsf fellowship softwareengineeringstudentssummer2015 artcollection2016 szpankowski_bementaward facebook academy 2015 boilermake2015 best paper acm ccs 2015 gracehopper2015 acmprogramming2015 b01lers ctf snatches victory testoftime_atallah ieee nfv-sdn best paper software engineering senior project f2015 szpankowski named distinguished professor whatsupdoc windward codewars 2016 learning community award 2016 barenboim ai's 10 to watch gleich sloan research fellow symantec graduate fellowship ndss best paper pengsiu_mei magic atallah_sigma xi software engineering senior spring 16 walid 10-year best paper pothen parallel computing center cos names gustavo rodriguez-rivera top undergraduate teacher04-29-2016 writer(s): jesica e. hollinger one of cs’s favorite instructors – gustavo rodriguez-rivera was named top undergraduate teacher in the school of science – selected by college of science students and awarded by the purdue science student council for 2015-2016. each year, science undergraduate students are polled by the science student council to select a faculty member who has had the greatest impact on science majors through their teaching abilities. gustavo (as his students address him) said that he has been teaching non-stop since he was in high school. “i feel teaching is part of who i am," he said. "if you have passion for what you are teaching, the students notice and it makes the classes fun and interesting, motivating students to learn more," he added. each spring, the college hosts the honors program at the purdue memorial union north ballroom. in addition to the top undergraduate teacher, the college also awards two other faculty awards, including outstanding contribution to undergraduate teaching by an assistant professor was presented to shelley a. claridge in the department of chemistry. claridge also earned the exceptional early teaching career award. the event also recognizes for their leadership and achievements. logan gore, familiar face and active cs student leader, was among the eight seniors who were recognized as outstanding college of science students. the other winners from each class were levi starrett (junior), jeremy craven (sophomore), and nicole markley (freshman). senior science ambassadors, those who represent the college and the undergraduate experience to prospective students and families, in addition to the dean’s leadership council and the college of science alumni board were also named.  both anant goal (cs honors) and sean mccullough (cs), were recognized with the bridging cultures award, which is given to students who interact effectively with others in cross-cultural situations and in a global civil society. the award is given to student leaders from the global science partners program, a program dedicated to helping students become interculturally competent. ed flanagan received the senior learning beyond the classroom award, which is a certificate program in the college that encourages students to take what they learn in the classroom and labs, then use it in real-world situations like internships, research, and study abroad. joshua selbo, was named to the senior purdue science student council, which is a group that provides academically oriented service to the students of the college, and provides growth among science students. several cs students also were named senior science ambassadors, including ed flanagan, matt gotteiner, anthony natoli, and bryan rainey. the ambassadors are a select group of undergraduates who represent the college and the undergraduate experience to prospective students, families, the dean’s leadership council, and the college of science alumni board.   last updated: may 2, 2016 1:08 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: news < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan news cs_49000 codecon faculty for the future pdogopportunity first in the field leecongdon tunr tapia conference naipc 2015 videos never ending learning solving large sparse linear systems: the exascale challenge exponential change: challenges and opportunities adventures in computer science all cs videos elisabertino_award sonia fahmy university scholar software engineering track ethan colombana memorial meet mathias payer ashish kundu master inventor 2014 dan goldwasser gracehopper2014 hackathon2014 meet tiark rompf facebook academy online course robo rally 2015 hambrusch cra memorial service for alberto apostolico six new faculty cs1802015 bestpapernitarotaru nsf fellowship softwareengineeringstudentssummer2015 artcollection2016 szpankowski_bementaward facebook academy 2015 boilermake2015 best paper acm ccs 2015 gracehopper2015 acmprogramming2015 b01lers ctf snatches victory testoftime_atallah ieee nfv-sdn best paper software engineering senior project f2015 szpankowski named distinguished professor whatsupdoc windward codewars 2016 learning community award 2016 barenboim ai's 10 to watch gleich sloan research fellow symantec graduate fellowship ndss best paper pengsiu_mei magic atallah_sigma xi software engineering senior spring 16 walid 10-year best paper pothen parallel computing center computer science news cs grad students and advisor earn best paper 8/31/2016 samuel jero, hyojeong lee, and cristina nita-rotaru earned best paper award this summer at the 45th ieee/ifip international conference on dependable systems and networks (dsn) in rio de janeiro. prof. pothen's research team to solve large-scale network problems 8/25/2016 the team has been selected for funding for two years as a parallel computing center by intel corp. to design new algorithms and software for massive networks. prof. walid aref wins vldb 10-year best paper award 7/26/2016 a cornerstone achievement in his career – earning the very large data bases (vldb) 10-year best paper award for the enduring legacy of a paper he published in 2006. new faculty member, ribeiro, wins acm sigmetrics best paper award 7/12/2016 new faculty member, ribeiro, wins acm sigmetrics best paper award. science magazine features prof. gleich's research 7/8/2016 prof. gleich collaboration with stanford finds new way to analyze and control networks. building projects, building teams, building character 5/3/2016 students of cs 49000-sep (software engineering senior project), who work in synergistic teams for an entire semester to design and develop apps or products with the potential to improve society and to enhance the quality of life. cos names gustavo rodriguez-rivera top undergraduate teacher 4/29/2016 gustavo rodriguez-rivera was named top undergraduate teacher in the school of science – selected by college of science students and awarded by the purdue science student council for 2015-2016. distinguished prof. atallah wins sigma xi research award 4/25/2016 distinguished professor mikhail atallah has been recognized among the elite – winning the purdue sigma xi scientific research award. tides foundation makes magic happen for girls in cs 4/20/2016 young women aspiring to become the next generation of computer scientists will get a boost, thanks to a generous gift from the google inc. fund of tides foundation in support of mentors for aspiring girls in computing (magic). it’s no accident - peng-siu mei named distinguished alumnus 2016 4/15/2016 peng-siu mei was presented with the cs department’s highest award and named distinguished alumnus of 2016, during a reception held at the lawson computer science building on friday (april15). cs researchers win best paper award at acm codaspy 2016 3/30/2016 cs researchers win best paper award at acm codaspy 2016 researchers from the purdue computer science department, institute for infocomm research and samsung research america won the best paper award at the 6th acm conference on data and application security and privacy conference, recently held in new orleans, la. cs researchers' paper on apt defense won ndss'16 distinguished paper award 3/8/2016 researchers from the purdue computer science department won the distinguished paper award at the network and distributed system security symposium 2016 (ndss'16). brendan saltaformaggio wins symantec graduate fellowship 2/29/2016 cs phd student, brendan saltaformaggio has been recognized for his innovative research, winning the symantec research labs graduate fellowship for 2016. he is one of only two graduate students to receive the award this year. new professional master’s degree in information security 2/26/2016 new professional master’s degree in information security prof. gleich named sloan research fellow for 2016 2/23/2016 the alfred p. sloan foundation names david gleich as one of the 126 “early career scientists of outstanding promise” for 2016. as one of this year’s recipients of the sloan research fellowship, gleich is recognized for distinguished performance in his research and for his unique potential to make substantial contributions to his field. prof. bareinboim named ieee ai's 10 to watch 2/22/2016 prof. bareinboim’s work is credited with being the first to formalize and systematize the data-fusion problem. cs professor, instructors earn learning community student support award 2/15/2016 student success at purdue selected professor h.e. (buster) dunsmore, vicki gilbert, faith giordano, kevin jones, desiree marmon, scott nelson, and elizabeth watts as recipients of the 2015-16 learning community student support award for computer science and computer science-bridge learning communities. it’s a code world, after all 2/12/2016 on saturday, february 6, teams from top universities competed for eight hours to analyze a problem, write the best ai using python, java, or c#, create a solution, test it against the entries of the other programming experts, then try to earn the highest score to win a prize. cs phd students know what’s up 2/4/2016 cs phd students know what’s up pranjal daga and suyash gupta (cs phd students) took top honors at boston hacks competition for their project whatsupdoc, during a hackathon held at boston university. cs professors awarded outstanding paper at acsac 12/21/2015 professor mikhail atallah and professor eugene spafford (executive director of cerias), mohammed almeshekah (recent phd graduate), and christopher gutierrez (graduate student) were awarded the outstanding paper award at the 31st annual computer security applications conference (acsac). purdue trustees name szpankowski distinguished professor 12/21/2015 wojciech szpankowski, the saul rosen professor of computer science was named distinguished professor by the purdue board of trustees on saturday (dec. 19). cs students demonstrate app-titude in software engineering 12/16/2015 the students of professor h.e. (buster) dunsmore’s cs 49000-sep (software engineering senior project) course have finished the fall 2015 semester proving their prowess – creating apps and projects with the potential to improve and enhance the quality of life. bhargava’s team earns best paper at dncms 12/8/2015 professor bharat bhargava and his graduate students pelin angin and rohit ranchal, along with sunil lingayat (northrop grumman) were recently awarded best paper at dncms. cs researchers awarded best paper at ieee nfv-sdn 12/7/2015 researchers from the purdue computer science department, hewlett-packard labs and hewlett-packard enterprise were awarded "best paper" at the first ieee conference on network function virtualization and software defined networks (ieee nfv-sdn) professor atallah’s work stands the test of time 12/1/2015 mikhail atallah, distinguished professor of computer science, was awarded the 2015 acm ccs test of time award for his paper published 10 years ago in the acm’s conference on computer and communications security (ccs). cs alumnus among computerworld’s top 100 leaders 11/30/2015 cs alumnus snehal antani (bs 2002) has been named one of idg computerworld’s premier 100 technology leaders of 2016. b01lers ctf snatches victory 11/30/2015 capture the flag (ctf) team smashed the competition – earning a first and second place in the “build it break it” security-oriented programming competition sponsored by the university of maryland. students head south to compete in acm regionals 10/30/2015 coach gustavo rodriguez-rivera (cs continuing lecturer) will lead the fifteen students off to battle, as they commence to wage war with other university students, in hopes of seizing the top spot in the programming contest. cs women leave grace hopper inspired, ready to lead 10/26/2015 the cs department ushered 35 female students, faculty and staff to the world’s largest gathering of women in computing at the annual grace hopper convention (ghc). purdue researchers win best paper award at acm ccs 2015 10/22/2015 researchers from the purdue computer science department won the best paper award at the 22nd acm conference on computer and communications security (ccs'15), a top-tier cyber-security conference. cs students bring it to boilermake hacking competition 10/16/2015 six hundred student hackers will converge on purdue university’s campus to compete for prizes and the attention of top technology companies during the annual boilermake competition friday and saturday (oct. 16-18) at the france a. cordova recreational sports center. teams of up to four students create products or programs entirely from scratch during the 36-hour programming and innovation competition. cs grad student, professors earn best paper award at prestigious acm bioinformatics conference 10/15/2015 asish ghoshal, a graduate student in computer science and professors ananth grama (computer science), saurabh bagchi (electrical and computer engineering), and somali chaterji (computer science) took top honors with their paper “an ensemble svm model for the accurate prediction of non-canonical microrna targets” at the 2015 acm conference on bioinformatics, computational biology, and health informatics (acm-bcb) held in atlanta, september 9-12. about face! cs students report for duty to facebook open academy 10/15/2015 this semester, cs students are taking part in the facebook open academy – a creative and innovative program that allows undergraduates to contribute to open source projects and get credits from their contributions. new art exhibit explores the ‘intersection of art and science’ 10/7/2015 purdue’s department of computer science presents a new two-year art exhibit: the intersection of art and science. the collection is open to the public, and there will be a reception at 5:30 p.m. on thursday (oct. 8) on the third floor of lawson computer science building. cs prof. wins two awards from nsf’s $74.5 million for interdisciplinary cybersecurity research 10/7/2015 the national science foundation (nsf) has awarded more than $74.5 million in new research grants through the nsf secure and trustworthy cyberspace (satc) program in its efforts to help secure cyberspace. cs honors three outstanding alumni of 2015 9/25/2015 faculty, students, staff and friends of the department gathered to celebrate the achievements of hoi chang, rahul chari, and michael stoppelman, who were recognized in a ceremony held friday, september 25 in the richard and patricia lawson computer science building. professor szpankowski honored with purdue's inaugural 2015 arden l. bement jr. award 9/24/2015 wojciech szpankowski, the saul rosen professor of computer science, has been selected as the recipient of the inaugural 2015 arden l. bement jr. award. one of purdue university's top three awards for research, the bement award recognizes distinguished research in pure and applied science and engineering. the intersection of art and science 9/21/2015 for the next two years, the cs department will be home for the “intersection of art and science” merging reason and emotion through math and computational thinking. software engineering students, amazing app creators 9/3/2015 students in professor h.e. (buster) dunsmore’s class spent their summer creating apps with the potential to enhance life for college students and improve options for consumers. cs grad student selected for nsf fellowship 8/31/2015 cs graduate student, dan andersen has been selected to participate in the nsf graduate research fellowship. purdue cs reaches out to indiana high school students 8/25/2015 for the second year, the purdue department of computer science is offering a free, online course for indiana high school students. purdue cs welcomes six new faculty members 8/18/2015 the cs department welcomes six new assistant professors: elias bareinboim, aniket kate, bruno ribeiro, hemanta maji, jean honorio, and jeremiah blocki. all of the professors will be joining the faculty in the fall of 2015, except jeremiah blocki, who will be joining the faculty in the fall of 2016. memorial service set for former cs professor alberto apostolico 8/10/2015 alberto apostolico, former purdue cs faculty member passed away on july 20 in his native country of italy. cra names susanne hambrusch vice chair 6/29/2015 purdue professor of computer science, susanne hambrusch has been elected as vice chair of the computing research association (cra) and will begin her two-year term july 1, 2015. cs students seek adventures in computer science 6/16/2015 steve hassenplug brought his 20,000-piece lego robotics game to the lawson commons and transformed the area into an arena of competing (sometimes fighting) robots, all directed by the young students who gained “hands-on” experience in computer programming. cs students, professor take top honors at cerias symposium 5/26/2015 pelin angin, rohit ranchal, and denis a. ulybyshev earned first place at the 16th annual cerias security symposium this march. the students poster, under the direction of cs professor bharat bhargava, “pd3: policy–based distributed data dissemination was selected by corporate partners of cerias security center. cs student awarded faculty for the future 5/15/2015 cs graduate research student shagufta mehnaz is among the elite selected to participate in the faculty for the future fellowship awarded by the schlumberger foundation. cs boilermakers become software creators 5/11/2015 cs boilermakers become software creators what would it be like to create an app that would improve lives and bring people together? what if you could create a navigation app that provides up-to-date traffic information to ease your travel? or, what if you could create an app to help you find a partner who would join you at the gym? how about creating an app that brings groups of people together, who share common hobbies and interests, like sports, or gaming? the students of cs 49000-sep, also known as the software engineering senior project have done exactly that. each team has spent the entire semester developing an idea – from start to finish – to see their projects come to life. enrollment explosion leads to first ta for senior projects 5/11/2015 this semester broke enrollment records, growing to 61 students who formed 15 teams in the class. already, 59 students are registered for fall 2015. purdue cs students head to nyc for codecon finals 4/30/2015 codecon – a programming contest sponsored by bloomberg on friday (may 1) in new york city. the cs team of logan gore, aaron dierking, and yao xiao competed against ten other universities to win a spot at the final codecon championship. opportunity knocks for cs at purdue day of giving 4/28/2015 cs students, faculty and staff are invited to attend an array of festivities to celebrate the second purdue day of giving, the university’s annual 24-hour, online fundraising event, on wednesday (april 29). cs student gets in tune with the future 4/23/2015 hayden mcafee, a senior in purdue's department of computer science has launched tunr – a new, cloud music service that allows users to maintain ownership of their own music library and also enjoy the flexibility of a cloud-streaming service. hat’s off to lee congdon—2015 cs distinguished alumnus 4/17/2015 cs presented lee congdon with the department’s highest award – naming him distinguished alumnus of 2015, during a reception held at the lawson computer science building on friday (april 17). computer science celebrates a history of firsts 4/15/2015 friends and faculty of purdue computer science gathered for a special event – first in the field exhibit and book dedication - held at the virginia kelly karnes archives and special collections research center in the humanities, social science and education library (hsse) on monday (april 13). cs student steve mussman wins prestigious g.a. ross award 4/8/2015 the cs department of statistics congratulates steve mussman – winner of this year’s g.a. ross award. cs students take 20 at north american invitational contest 3/30/2015 team members wei kong, chengyuan lin, and zhaosen wang earned 20th place in the invitational competition, correctly solving three of the eleven problems and earning purdue an honorable mention. cs students strive for world finals at naipc 3/27/2015 cs students will be among the elite who compete at the north american invitational programming contest (naipc) the largest and oldest programming contest in the world saturday, march 28. cs associate professor earns cos 2014 research award 3/23/2015 jennifer neville, associate professor of computer science, was selected as one of three recipients to receive the 2014 college of science research award. tipping the scales – cs puts weight behind diversity efforts 3/10/2015 news summary acm sigbots host regional qualifications 2/13/2015 the acm sigbots club will be hosting five universities for the purdue winter vortex regional qualifier for the vex robotics league this saturday (feb. 14) in the lawson computer science building commons. cs remembers ethan colombana 2/5/2015 ethan colombana was a junior in the process of change of degree objective (codo) into the department of computer science, when he died unexpectedly on january 4 from a seizure and a previously undiagnosed heart condition. he was 21. cs students become inventors of real-world software apps 1/16/2015 cs seniors in the software engineering track get more than an education – they become inventors of real-world software applications with major potential for global impact. it’s a code, code world 1/15/2015 purdue students will wage their own battles in a virtual gridiron—part of the windward code war 2014 programming championship. cs phd student takes 3rd place at supercomputing conference 12/3/2014 cs phd student ariful khan earned third place at the supercomputing 2014 conference (sc14) – one of the top-tier international conferences for high performance computing in new orleans, louisiana. professor sonia fahmy named university faculty scholar 12/2/2014 professor fahmy was one of four individuals selected by the college of science for this notable distinction. her colleagues include: tong liu, associate professor of mathematics; chengde mao, professor of chemistry; and qianlai zhuang, professor of earth, atmospheric, and planetary sciences. cs professor creates technology to “c” the future 11/25/2014 daniel aliaga is helping develop a new technology that allows people to view digital content on tablets, smartphones and laptops with greater clarity – eliminating the need for corrective eyewear. cs diamond shines bright as ibm master inventor 2014 11/25/2014 ashish kundu (phd 2010) left purdue and took the business world by storm, demonstrating early success with the award of ibm master inventor – a title shared among an elite group of individuals. elisa bertino receives the acm sigsac outstanding contributions award 11/20/2014 elisa bertino has received the acm sigsac outstanding contributions award for her seminal research contributions and leadership in data and applications security over the past 25 years. cs welcomes tiark rompf 10/29/2014 tiark rompf is interested in all aspects of programming, in particular programming languages, parallelism and compilers, with a focus on making very high-level programming abstractions more efficient. cs students enlist: facebook open academy 10/24/2014 six cs students traveled to facebook headquarters in menlo park, ca., where they gathered for a weekend of learning and hacking cs welcomes dan goldwasser 10/23/2014 dan previously conducted his postdoctoral research at the university of maryland in college park. dan completed his ph.d. studies at the university of illinois at urbana-champaign in the department of computer science. cs welcomes mathias payer 10/22/2014 joining purdue cs as a new assistant professor this fall, mathias payer defines himself as a security nerd. mathias' interests are related to mathias payer system security, binary exploitation,software-based fault isolation, binary translation, and (application) virtualization. cs students storm grace hopper conference 10/14/2014 cs department sent an entourage of twenty-seven to attend the grace hopper conference (ghc) – the world’s largest technical conference for women in computing. hack-a-thon 2014: cs students boilermake it 10/13/2014 this past weekend, 150 purdue students and 350 students from colleges around the u.s. and canada camped out in lambert fieldhouse for 36 hours, showcasing their computer coding skills. good things come in threes: cs recognizes outstanding alumni 10/10/2014 friday, october 10, the department of computer science held a ceremony held in the richard and patricia lawson computer science building to recognize the outstanding alumni of 2014. inspiration the mother of invention for cs students boilerlabs app 9/24/2014 five purdue computer science classmates in cs 307 (taught by professor dunsmore) formed a team and created an application – boilerlabs – that has transformed the way students are able to find computer lab space on the west lafayette campus. cs students win best student paper at usenix security symposium 8/26/2014 purdue cs researchers won the best student paper award at the 23rd usenix security symposium, a top-tier computer systems security conference. the paper, "dscrete: automatic rendering of forensic information from memory images via application logic reuse," was co-authored by ph.d. students brendan saltaformaggio and zhongshu gu, with cs professors xiangyu zhang and dongyan xu. cs moves forward, announces three new faculty 8/21/2014 the expansion of purdue computer science has begun, as the department has hired three new assistant professors who will begin teaching this fall – mathias payer, dan goldwasser and tiark rompf. purdue students on the fast track to success 8/21/2014 wo purdue students who pioneered a new software business, sensorhound innovations llc – a high-tech startup based in the purdue research park - have been chosen to participate in the next class of the alchemist accelerator's iot track national science foundation sponsors big data computing workshop 8/20/2014 purdue will host a workshop sponsored by the national science foundation to improve skills in working with big data using hadoop, spark and urika for data processing and analysis. cs dept. offers first, free online course 8/7/2014 purdue computer science department, indiana high school students will have the opportunity to take a free, online, non-credit course memories and mastadons 7/11/2014 news summary two cs faculty earn promotions 7/2/2014 associate professor ninghui li was promoted to full professor and assistant professor xavier tricoche was promoted to associate professor with tenure. classic cars and classical graph algorithms 6/24/2014 this news release is a reproduction of an article that appears in pnnl, describing how one former professor's online search for an efficient way to judge classic jaguars led him to dr. mahantesh halappanavar (former student of alex pothen) a scientist with pacific northwest national laboratory's high performance computing group, whose research involving graph matching and coloring algorithms proved to be an opportune and novel matchup between classic cars and classical graph theory. robo rally packs a punch at cs summer camp 6/18/2014 middle school students participated in super robo rally today (june 18), part of a week of events hosted by purdue computer science k-12 outreach. steve hassenplug brought his 20,000 piece lego robotics game to the lawson commons building and transformed the area into an arena of competing (sometimes fighting) robots, all directed by the young students who gained “hands-on” experience in computer programming. outstanding new learning community award goes to purdue cs team 5/23/2014 the outstanding new learning community award was given to the purdue cs team recognizes an instructor team(s) who excelled in the design and execution of a first-time community and demonstrated a commitment to the vision and mission of the program. purdue computer science hosts midwest theory day 5/15/2014 the purdue department of computer science recently hosted the 65th midwest theory day at the richard and patricia lawson computer science building. undergraduate student board expands cs helproom services 5/12/2014 cs undergraduate student board (usb) were granted approval to expand the usb helproom, a weekly tutoring program created to assist students with cs course work. purdue cs student honored for teaching excellence 5/7/2014 news summary former cs student earns karl v. karlstrom outstanding educator award 4/23/2014 susan h. rodger has been recognized for contributions to the teaching of computer science theory in higher education, and the development of computer science education in primary and secondary schools. back home again with distinction 4/11/2014 originally from fort wayne, anne’s thirty-year career in the computer industry led her around the nation, as she and her husband tom (a graduate from the college of technology ‘71) put down roots in illinois, minnesota, tennessee, and new jersey where their daughter christina was born (also a proud boilermaker and 2006 graduate from the college of liberal arts) before settling in her current home of california. cs professor cristina nita-rotaru earns cos research award 3/28/2014 college of science honored three researchers thursday (march 27) with the 2013 college of science research award, during a formal ceremony in the richard and patricia lawson computer science building. it’s a ‘toss-up’ for cs students in vex robotics competition 3/27/2014 the acm sigbots club at purdue will be competing in the vex robotics competition with college and university students across the globe this saturday (march 29) in the lawson computer science building. cs professor awarded 2.5 million from european research council 3/13/2014 patrick eugster, associate professor of computer science, was awarded a $2.5 million grant from the european research council (erc) to benefit his two main areas of research, distributed systems and programming languages. cs student’s research nets microsoft trustworthy computing reliability award 3/3/2014 the research done by rahul potharaju, a phd candidate at purdue’s department of computer science, during his internship at microsoft research has been awarded the microsoft trustworthy computing reliability award for 2013. 2014 cs track fair 2/28/2014 2014 cs track fair, wednesday, march 5, at 5:30 pm in lwsn 1142. cs student’s research leads to technology adopted by microsoft 2/24/2014 rahul potharaju, phd student in the department of computer science made a discovery during a summer internship with microsoft research which led to insights currently being leveraged to improve reliability across microsoft data centers. state farm gift to cs benefits k-12 outreach 2/21/2014 state farm announced today (friday, 2/21) a $50,000 gift to the department of computer science which benefits k-12 outreach programs. military kids explore the world of computer science 2/19/2014 purdue computer science outreach and the indiana 4-h youth development's operation joined forces to host operation: military kids (omk)—a fun and educational day of computer programming and application development. boilermake it or break it - cs students dominate event 2/19/2014 400 computer programmers from 17 universities turned back to their laptops and got to work within the feature gymnasium of the france a. boilermake teams gathered the weekend – feb. 7 to 9 to create a new, interesting and marketable hack. purdue teams place nationally in code wars 2/3/2014 two purdue teams placed in the grand finals of the third annual windward international collegiate programming finals aka codewars cs professors, engineering students sense the future with new business 1/24/2014 sensors are practically everywhere and in nearly everything in our physical environment, from kitchen appliances to health care devices, power meters, or industrial production plants. cs department's cristina nita-rotaru wins college of science research award 12/9/2013 congratulations to cristina nita-rotaru, who has been selected as one this year’s winners of the college of science research award. xiangyu zhang named university faculty scholar 12/9/2013 news summary 2011 news 12/9/2013 2011 news 2001 news 12/9/2013 2001 news 2002 news 12/9/2013 2002 news 2003 news 12/9/2013 2003 news 2004 news 12/9/2013 2004 news 2005 news 12/9/2013 2005 news 2006 news 12/9/2013 2006 news 2007 news 12/9/2013 2007 news 2008 news 12/9/2013 2008 news 2009 news 12/9/2013 2009 news 2010 news 12/9/2013 2010 news conte distinguished lecture series begins -- new mining techniques explored and excavated 10/25/2013 paul m. van dooren gives the first 2013-14 samuel d. conte distinguished lecture computer science professors from purdue lead the organization of the 2013 splash conference in indianapolis 10/25/2013 this year's conference, which focuses on solving problems faced by the software industry, includes ways to improve tools the average person uses daily like smartphones, facebook and google. the conference will run from oct. 26-31 at the hyatt regency in indianapolis. ieee computer society board names elisa bertino editor-in-chief of top international journal 10/25/2013 dr. bertino named to ieee board two computer science graduates recognized "outstanding alumni" for significant contributions 10/25/2013 2013 outstanding alumni announcement young women computer scientists “think big” 10/14/2013 grace hopper conference (ghc), the largest technical conference for women in computing, hosted more than 4000 attendees at the sold-out symposium. sigsoft distinguished paper award 10/8/2013 two faculty members and one graduate student in the department of computer science edged out more than 300 other entries to be recognized by the association for computing machinery special interest group on software engineering (sigsoft) for the distinguished paper award. arxan technologies developed by purdue computer science professors announcement 10/2/2013 arxan, an application security company specializing in software protection, was recently sold to ta associates, one of the largest private equity firms. purdue hacker teams win top prizes at the worlds largest collegiate hack-a-thon 9/24/2013 this past weekend, the purdue hackers club sent 72 students to the university of michigan, ann arbor to compete in what is reported to be the world's largest collegiate hack-a-thon. corporate partners meetings and computer science career fair bring employers, students together 9/23/2013 nearly 500 students from the department of computer science attended the annual computer science career fair held at the newly renovated mackey arena. more than forty corporations attended, including microsoft, intel and twitter, as students anxiously lined up outside of the entrance nearly an hour before the event. dr. sonia fahmy joins cyber center 9/19/2013 dr. sonia fahmy has been appointed scientific director of network systems in the cyber center at purdue's discovery park cisco supports computer science project - a fog architecture 7/18/2013 cisco systems has awarded professor patrick eugster, dr. kirill kogan, and graduate students, chamikara jayalath and julian stephen, a gift in support of the "a fog architecture" project. eugster says, "this work seamlessly generalizes our previous efforts on atmosphere, an approach to apply cloud computing technologies to setups where data is distributed across several datacenters." 2012 news 7/18/2013 2012 news cs faculty, students, and alumni featured in insights 6/20/2013 insights magazine, the flagship publication of the purdue college of science, features coverage of faculty, students, and alumni news from the department of computer science in its spring 2013 edition, just released. fastest campus supercomputer named after founding cs department head 6/20/2013 for the third year in a row, purdue university has confirmed its lead in the rarified realm of supercomputing by unveiling conte, the nation's fastest university-owned supercomputer, developed in a collaboration with hp, intel, and mellanox. cs students compete in international supercomputing challenge 6/10/2013 two computer science undergraduates (sophomore kurt kroeger and senior tyler reid) are part of a purdue student supercomputing team traveling to leipzig, germany for the student competition at the isc supercomputing conference, one of the supercomputing industry's two major annual gatherings. the article "purdue student supercomputing team headed for international competition in germany" by itap science and technology writer greg kline is reprinted in full below. spafford named to epic advisory board 5/20/2013 professor of computer science eugene spafford has been named a 2013 member of the epic advisory board. epic (the electronic privacy information center) is a public interest research center in washington, d.c. it was established in 1994 to focus public attention on emerging civil liberties issues and to protect privacy, the first amendment, and constitutional values. the epic advisory board is a distinguished group of experts in law, technology, and public policy. neville honored with umass alumni award 4/30/2013 assistant professor of computer science and statistics jennifer neville has been honored for outstanding achievement by a young alum by her alma mater, university of massachusetts amherst. meawad receives ceta teaching award 4/23/2013 fadi meawad, a fifth-year ph.d. student in computer science, was selected to receive the committee for the education of teaching assistants (ceta) excellence in teaching award. 2013 computer science distinguished alumnus 4/15/2013 the department of computer science and the college of science recognized the 2013 computer science distinguished alumnus on friday, april 12. alumnus lawrence landweber (m.s. '66, ph.d. '67) was joined by faculty, staff, and students for an awards presentation and reception in celebration of his great achievements. prof. landweber also gave a colloquium ("past is prologue"). the college of science held an awards ceremony later that evening. hosking receives research awards from qualcomm, inc. 4/10/2013 associate professor of computer science antony hosking is the recipient of a sponsored research award from qualcomm, inc. the award amounts to $100,000 per year for two years. cs student project receives entrepreneurship prototyping grant 4/10/2013 sudeep gottipatti and austin loudin, a freshman and a sophomore in computer science respectively, were among those selected to have a project funded by a new grant program for student entrepreneurs at purdue. kihara and vitek named 2013 university faculty scholars 4/10/2013 associate professor of biological sciences and computer science daisuke kihara and associate professor of statistics and computer science olga vitek are two of four purdue university college of science faculty named university faculty scholars for 2013. li and qi receive ibm grant 4/3/2013 two purdue computer science faculty members are the recipients of a research grant from ibm. associate professor ninghui li and assistant professor yuan (alan) qi received this grant for the project analytics for insider threat detection and prevention – for which they are both co-principal investigators. kihara receives nsf grant 3/13/2013 associate professor of biological sciences and computer science daisuke kihara is the recipient of a research grant from the national science foundation. the grant is for an estimated total of $480,195.00 through may 2016. atallah receives outstanding commercialization award 3/7/2013 distinguished professor of computer science mikhail atallah is the recipient of the 2012 outstanding commercialization award for purdue university faculty. this award is presented by purdue research foundation's office of technology commercialization, which supports the economic development initiatives of purdue university. cs faculty and staff honored by college of science 2/22/2013 on thursday, february 21, 2013, the purdue university college of science held its annual faculty and staff awards program, at which several computer science faculty and staff members were recognized. eugster receives google research award 2/22/2013 associate professor of computer science patrick eugster is the recipient of a sponsored research award from google. google research awards are "structured as unrestricted gifts to universities to support the work of world-class full-time faculty members at top universities around the world." eugster's award amounts to $59,000 for one year. cs alumna denning named a 2013 distinguished woman scholar 2/12/2013 dorothy e. denning, a distinguished professor in the department of defense analysis at the naval postgraduate school, has been selected as one of the 2013 distinguished women scholars by purdue university's susan bulkeley butler center for leadership excellence. this recognition celebrates alumnae who have made significant contributions in their academic and professional communities cs students compete in largest ever student-run hackathon 2/5/2013 on friday, february 1, 2013, 53 purdue students travelled to the university of michigan to compete in mhacks 2013. the purdue chapter of the association for computing machinery (acm) coordinated the trip to the event, with help from mhacks and facebook. organized by u-m student groups called michigan hackers and mpowered, mhacks proved to be the largest student-run hackathon ever. (forbes provides further coverage on the event's planning and execution in an article here.) all-freshman team wins purdue code war 1/28/2013 on saturday, january 26, 2013, the second annual windward international collegiate programming finals were held. early in the day, eight teams (19 students total) competed in purdue university's code war competition in the lawson computer science building. the top two purdue teams advanced to the quarter finals of the national code war ph.d student azad receives ibm fellowship 1/15/2013 ph.d. student ariful azad has received a 2013-2014 ibm ph.d. fellowship. according to the award's website, "the ibm ph.d. fellowship awards program is an intensely competitive worldwide program, which honors exceptional ph.d. students who have an interest in solving problems that are important to ibm and fundamental to innovation in many academic disciplines and areas of study." azad's fellowship is effective as of spring 2013 and will continue through spring 2014. cs alumnus kim publishes it novel 1/11/2013 gene kim, a purdue computer science alumnus (b.s. '93), recently co-wrote a book with a release date of january 14, 2013. the phoenix project: a novel about it, devops, and helping your business win, co-authored with kevin behr and george spafford, is a novel chronicling the challenges faced by bill, an it manager at parts unlimited. according to the publisher's webiste, "in a fast-paced and entertaining style, three luminaries of the devops movement deliver a story that anyone who works in it will recognize. readers will not only learn how to improve their own it organizations, they'll never view it the same way again." last updated: nov 25, 2014 9:44 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: hiring < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan computer science home about us academics research alumni outreach resources corporate hiring applications for tenure-track and tenured positions at the assistant, associate and full professor levels are being solicited, beginning august 2015. outstanding candidates in all areas will be considered. 2016-17 search begins soon professor of practice, fall 2016 last updated: sep 6, 2016 12:26 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: assistant, associate, and full professor of practice positions < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan computer science home about us academics research alumni outreach resources corporate assistant, associate, and full professor of practice positions the department of computer science at purdue university is soliciting applications for professor of practice positions at the assistant, associate, or full professor level to begin fall 2016. these are newly created positions offering three- to five-year appointments that are renewable based on satisfactory performance for faculty with primary responsibilities in teaching and service. applicants should hold a phd in computer science or a related field, or a master’s degree in computer science or a related discipline and commensurate experience in teaching or industry.  applicants should be committed to excellence in teaching, and should have the ability to teach a broad collection of core courses in the undergraduate curriculum. applicants will also be expected to develop and supervise project courses for undergraduates.  review of applications and candidate interviews will begin on may 5, 2016, and will continue until the positions are filled.  the department of computer science offers a stimulating and nurturing educational environment with thriving undergraduate and graduate programs and active research programs in most areas of computer science. additional information about the department is available at http://www.cs.purdue.edu. salary and benefits will be competitive. applicants are strongly encouraged to apply online at https://hiring.science.purdue.edu. alternatively, hardcopy applications can be sent to: professor of practice search chair department of computer science 305 n. university street purdue university, west lafayette, in 47907 a background check will be required for employment. purdue university is an eeo/aa employer fully committed to achieving a diverse workforce. all individuals, including minorities, women, individuals with disabilities, and protected veterans are encouraged to apply. last updated: apr 20, 2016 10:16 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.physical facilities - space management jump to main page content asset management search field search button purdue facebook page purdue twitter feeds purdue youtube channel purdue news rss feeds purdue iphone app physical facilities home construction notices and maps news/pf connection recent news archives for pf connection contact us unit and departmental contact information senior administration for physical facilities customer request form purdue directory asset management architectural and engineering services campus master planning and sustainability repair and rehabilitation space management buildings and grounds building deputies refuse and recycling request form capital program management bid reports consultant's handbook featured construction projects starting a project energy and utilities comprehensive energy master plan (cemp) water works consumer confidence reports wade utility plant home asset management space management space management the space management department at purdue university is responsible for the strategic administration of the university's space assets. resources: reserve a room space inventory classroom seating charts 2014 yearbook for space management and academic scheduling note: to request an earlier (2005-2013) yearbook document, please send an email request to nichols1@purdue.edu or call (765) 494-3900. for schedule of classes, evening exam schedule and final exam schedule, visit the class scheduling website. click here for the timetable construction website. asset management architectural and engineering services campus master planning and sustainability repair and rehabilitation space management asset management freehafer hall of admin. services 401 s. grant street west lafayette, in 47907-2024 (765) 494-3900   physical facilities human resources physical facilities fiscal affairs communications employee training and development committees purdue university physical facilities, west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-8000 © 2013 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact physical facilities communications at pfcom@purdue.edu. feedback | contact physical facilities | style standards maintained by: physical facilitiespurdue web authentication you have asked to login to: https://my.cs.purdue.edu/courses/default/user/login log in using your purdue career account login: password: to access the page you are requesting, a valid purdue university career account username and password must be provided. forgot your password? note: unauthorized access or misuse of computer resources or disclosure of sensitive information may result in disciplinary or legal action. read purdue's acceptable use policy. for security reasons, please logout and close your web browser once you have finished your session. send inquiries or comments to itap@purdue.edu purdue university, west lafayette, in 47907 usa, (765) 494-4600 © 2015 purdue university. an equal access, equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact the csc at itap@purdue.edu or (765) 494-4000.purdue university :: computer science :: undergraduate teaching assistant < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan computer science home about us academics research alumni outreach resources corporate undergraduate teaching assistant undergraduate teaching assistants (uta) are employed in many undergraduate cs courses (15900,17700, 18000, 24000, 25000, etc.) .    starting pay is $8/hour.   interested students should apply here: fall 2016 application last updated: jul 29, 2016 4:30 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: cs course requests (formerly registration) < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan future students academic progams undergraduate program graduate program courses pending changes upcoming semesters previous semesters canonical syllabi cs course requests (formerly registration) academic integrity policy study abroad professional practice co-op professional practice non-co-op professional practice requesting access to cs courses fall 2016 restrictions have be lifted as of 8/19/2016 with the following exceptions: cs 18000, 25000, 25100, ug seminars – restricted to cs majors only cs 34800, 35200, 35400, 38100, 39000 (cp, dm, la, lb, lc, vra), 47300 - high unmet demand from cs majors – restrictions will be lifted 8/25/2016 cs 39000 service learning outreach, 49000 basics of cs,  57800, 59000 hlt – instructor permission students will be able to register in unrestricted courses if space is available.  class limits, prerequisites and level requirements apply.   --- prerequisites/corequisites: if you  cannot register for a cs course because banner says that you do not have some requisite (prerequisite, corequisite), ask your academic advisor, whom we hereby authorize to enter the requisite override if appropriate. your advisor may refer you to the instructor if he or she does not have a sufficient basis for granting the override. instructor's permission if the instructor's permission is the only restriction preventing you from registering for a course, obtain a form 23 from the advising office, fill in the needed information, and bring to the instructor. the instructor may give permission by entering the override code "inst-permit" and signing the form if appropriate.  you should then take the fully completed form to the registrar's office in hovde unless instructed otherwise by your advisor.  note that a properly signed form will not be honored if the course is full. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------  mms last updated: aug 22, 2016 5:29 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: computer systems status 	 < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan resources campus map ftp server libraries help pages lawson building felix haas hall policies computer science facilities general overview conference rooms instructional labs remote access to cs facilities facilities staff emergency support itap facilities oracle access building emergency plan strategic plan computer systems status 17-18 august 2016 — system downtime solaris 10 systems will be updated to the current patch level. they will be rebooted between 5:00 pm wednesday, august 17 and 8:00 am on thursday, august 18. individual machines should only take about 5 minutes to reboot some time during the the time window, but because of server dependencies the effective downtime may be longer. 8 august 2016 — system downtime the wired cs networks in lwsn were down from about 11:30pm on sunday, august 7 until about 8:00am monday, august 8. most network connections except those in the basement of lwsn have been restored. itap networking is still working on that area. instructional labs in the basement are still off-line. update: as of about 8:40am, the basement is back on-line as well. 5 august 2016 — system downtime purdue operations and maintenance will be turning off power to the ground floor of haas hall on friday morning, august 5 from 6:00 am to 7:00am. during this time, computers in the basement will be without power and unavailable. this includes the two instructional labs haas g40 and haas g56. archived entries last updated: feb 21, 2014 11:46 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: the port in computer science < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan computer science home about us academics research alumni outreach resources corporate the port in computer science the port is open monday through friday and is located in the southeast corner on the first floor of the lawson computer science building, near the main entrance. methods of payment accepted include cash, all credit cards except for diners club, boilerexpress, and dining dollars (up to $25 per semester). click here for the refund policy. seating and wireless internet access are available to enjoy in the nearby commons.  phone: (765) 496-9459  features  seattle's best coffee brewed and espresso-based coffee drinks freshëns smoothies fresh baked goods breakfast and deli sandwiches, pizzas, salads, and more view full menu. last updated: sep 26, 2013 1:16 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan news cs_49000 codecon faculty for the future pdogopportunity first in the field leecongdon tunr tapia conference naipc 2015 videos never ending learning solving large sparse linear systems: the exascale challenge exponential change: challenges and opportunities adventures in computer science all cs videos elisabertino_award sonia fahmy university scholar software engineering track ethan colombana memorial meet mathias payer ashish kundu master inventor 2014 dan goldwasser gracehopper2014 hackathon2014 meet tiark rompf facebook academy online course robo rally 2015 hambrusch cra memorial service for alberto apostolico six new faculty cs1802015 bestpapernitarotaru nsf fellowship softwareengineeringstudentssummer2015 artcollection2016 szpankowski_bementaward facebook academy 2015 boilermake2015 best paper acm ccs 2015 gracehopper2015 acmprogramming2015 b01lers ctf snatches victory testoftime_atallah ieee nfv-sdn best paper software engineering senior project f2015 szpankowski named distinguished professor whatsupdoc windward codewars 2016 learning community award 2016 barenboim ai's 10 to watch gleich sloan research fellow symantec graduate fellowship ndss best paper pengsiu_mei magic atallah_sigma xi software engineering senior spring 16 walid 10-year best paper pothen parallel computing center computer science videos never ending learning prof. tom mitchell samuel d. conte distinguished lecture series in computer science date: nov 28, 2012 solving large sparse linear systems: the exascale challenge iain duff stfc rutherford appleton laboratory date: nov 1, 2012 computer science at purdue: the good ol' days douglas comer purdue university date: oct 5, 2012 going non-linear from point a to point b michael stoppelman yelp date: oct 5, 2012 exponential change: challenges and opportunities daniel reed microsoft research date: oct 5, 2012 analysis of algorithms: when will i ever use this? kevin grazier n/a. date: oct 5, 2012 adventures in computer science david schrader teradata date: oct 5, 2012 new directions in computer science john hopcroft cornell university date: sep 21, 2012 implications of storage class memories on software and hardware c. mohan ibm research - almaden date: aug 31, 2012 accelerate your programming or science career with gpu computing: an introduction to using cuda mark ebersole nvidia date: jul 19, 2012 all videos last updated: aug 12, 2013 1:32 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: sitemap < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan computer science home about us academics research alumni outreach resources corporate sitemap 404 50 years of purdue computer science 50 years of purdue computer science about annual reports awards by year awards cs calendars contact us computer science pioneer samuel d. conte dies at 85 conte lecture series diversity history about about us phd recipients phd by employer phds by location phd by year phd location map strategic plan message from the head academic progams courses fall 2009 spring 2008 summer 2008 fall 2009 spring 2009 summer 2009 fall 2010 spring 2010 summer 2010 fall 2011 spring 2011 summer 2011 fall 2012 spring 2012 summer 2012 fall 2013 spring 2013 summer 2013 fall 2014 courses spring 2014 summer 2014 proposed fall 2015 courses spring 2015 courses summer 2015 courses proposed fall 2016 courses spring 2016 courses summer 2016 courses spring 2017 courses canonical syllabi courses academic integrity policy pending changes previous semesters cs course requests (formerly registration) registration registration registration cs minors - access to cs courses non-cs and non-degree students - access to cs courses restriction status upcoming semesters future students graduate program academic progams professional practice co-op professional practice professional practice non-co-op professional practice study abroad undergraduate program alumni distinguished alumnus 1993 distinguished alumnus 1994 distinguished alumnus 1995 distinguished alumnus 1996 distinguished alumnus 1997 distinguished alumnus 1998 distinguished alumnus 1999 distinguished alumnus 2000 distinguished alumnus 2001 distinguished alumnus 2002 distinguished alumnus 2003 distinguished alumnus 2004 distinguished alumnus 2005 distinguished alumnus 2006 distinguished alumnus 2007 distinguished alumnus 2008 distinguished alumnus 2009 distinguished alumnus 2010 distinguished alumnus 2011 distinguished alumnus 2012 distinguished alumnus distinguished alumnus distinguished alumnus alumni & friends keep in touch outstanding alumni 2008 outstanding cs alumni 2009 outstanding cs alumni 2010 outstanding cs alumni 2011 outstanding cs alumni outstanding alumni outstanding alumni fall 2007 outstanding cs alumni spring 2007 outstanding cs alumni past distinguished alumni past outstanding alumni bridge flyer business office business office staff business office guidelines and instructions for completing payee certification, form pc calendars cs travelers expectations forms business office related purdue links paying non purdue employees reportable outside activity policy research travel calendar 2012 distinguished alumni computer science colloquium/speakers calendar cs calendars corporate announcements cco inside track cisco system skip the career fair line, sept 7 coursera attending computing fair, sept 8 cymer llc attending ir 9/14, looking for cs students aruba, a hp enterprise company info session, sept 12 announcements tell us about your internship experience mock career fair, sept 7 nasa's big idea challenge, notice of intent deadline sept 30 nasa rasc-al competition seeks mars prototype ice drilling systems, oct 14 deadline spacex resume drop & info session, sept 12 congratulations cs may graduates - please complete a brief survey thinkb1g end of summer suggestions, employment opportunities at startups usaa talk, sept 7 cs corporate partner recruiting day cpp events employment employment opportunities at 360it partners entry-level developer openings at aptera undergraduate researcher wanted for mobile system software work it rotational opportunity at bender consulting services embedded software developer position at cimarron intern & full-time positions at cnh industrial openings at drw & info session, sept 21 earn indiana (employer aid readiness network) state work-study program advanced analytics group in engility's space system has multiple intern & entry level positions full-time opportunity with forsythe college of engineering looking for junior developer htm tech support opening employment iseek looking for software developer itap looking for application developer senior consultant position at kraft & kennedy liberty mutual entry-level and internship positions mentors for aspiring girls in computing callout nielsen recruiting for operations & technology emerging leaders & technologist programs prof in dept of nutrition science looking for students to help with a research study precisionhawk looking for ios developer/software engineer software developer openings at qrm engineering positions at raytheon itap risque development group looking for student software developer sivas language academy looking for computer coding instructors web engineer position at spensa job postings at techpoint new-grad software engineering position at thumbtack wayfair employment opportunities, meet them at the computing fair, sept 8 yahoo software developer openings events boeing company recruiting day & info session, sept 7 cs career fair, sept 12 cerner career fair & resume prep, sept 8 hosted by cswn dell emc company recruiting day & talk, sept 15 ge company recruiting day & info session, sept 8 harris company recruiting day & info session, sept 14 hulu tech talk, sept 12 events cs corporate partner mixer, sept 11 national security agency codebreaker presentation, sept 15 invitation to cs student research showcase, sept 12 corporate partner resume review, sept 11 yelp company recruiting day & info session, sept 13 graduation survey the corporate partners program interns internship survey internships mykomms looking for students internships interactive intelligence intern position pathmaker residential internship program mycco opportunity update google lightning tech talks, feb 3 opportunity update opportunity update partners partners past cpp events placement index program recruiter information recruiter information scholarships scholarship guide for cs majors stewart j. guss third annual scholarship, application deadline march 15, 2017 scholarships the law offices of steven m. sweat offering $1,000 scholarship, apply by dec 1 cs career fair student info corporate partner recruiting day thanks future students admissions being a cs student careers in cs what do computer scientists do? contact computing facilities career placement in cs at purdue honors and other special programs future students lawson computer science building majors/minors computer science student organizations faqs alumni share their stories graduate admission access to computers arrival information admission: electronic graduate application admission: english proficiency admission admission: letters of recommendation orientation cs orientation for new tas: overview cs fall orientation: tentative overview process requirements admission: requirements for non-cs majors admission: statement of purpose application steps admission: transcripts useful links current students for current students ta handbook class procedures evaluation first day in class ta handbook policies resources teaching tips terms of assistantship curriculum curriculum: 2001 doctoral requirements curriculum: 2002 doctoral requirements curriculum: 2006 doctoral requirements curriculum: 2008 ms requirements curriculum: 2009 doctoral requirements curriculum: 2010 doctoral requirements doctoral approved courses computational life sciences course transfer instructions cs&e doctoral curriculum: doctoral example timeline curriculum master's program ms plan instructions defense procedure instructions phd plan instructions phd plan instructions prelim procedure instructions qce registration qualifying examination part 2 procedure stat/cs master's thesis format thesis review working_doc curriculum: doctoral example timeline financial support assistantships fellowships finding financial support graduate program internship projects goboiler internship online ms in cs phd recipients hiring assistant,associate, and professor positions hiring assistant, associate, and full professor of practice positions undergraduate teaching assistant computer science home page computer science home page news ttile 2001 2001 news 2002 2002 news 2003 2003 news 2004 2004 news 2005 2005 news 2006 2006 news 2007 2007 news 2008 2008 news 2009 2009 news 2010 2010 news 2011 2011 news 2012 news 2012 news supercomputing 3 new faculty acm_sigbots acmprogramming2015 2013 computer science distinguished alumnus anne schowe dist. alumna intersection of art and science artcollection2016 arxan technologies developed by purdue computer science professors announcement ashish kundu master inventor 2014 atallah receives outstanding commercialization award cs faculty and staff honored by college of science ph.d student azad receives ibm fellowship b01lers ctf snatches victory barenboim ai's 10 to watch nsf fellowship softwareengineeringstudentssummer2015 payernsf atallah_sigma xi elisabertino_award bertino_ieee best paper acm ccs 2015 best paper bioinformatics bestpapernitarotaru best paper at usenix bhargava_dncms national science foundation sponsors big data computing workshop boilerlabs boilermake boilermake2015 classic cars and classical graph algorithms cerias symposium cisco supports computer science a fog architecture codaspy2016 codecon all-freshman team wins purdue code war codewarswinners codewars conte distinguished lecture series begins -- new mining techniques explored and excavated corporate partners meetings and computer science career fair bring employers, students together college of science research award cos research award cprecisely two cs faculty earn promotions cs1802015 cs_49000 cs alumnus computerworld 100 cstrackfair dan goldwasser cs alumna denning named a 2013 distinguished woman scholar news ethan colombana memorial eugster receives google research award eugster erc grant facebook academy facebook academy 2015 faculty for the future fastest campus supercomputer first in the field ga_rossaward gleich sloan research fellow gracehopper2014 gracehopper2015 hackathon2014 hambrusch cra helproom hosking receives research awards from qualcomm, inc. li and qi receive ibm grant ieee nfv-sdn best paper news 2012news news cs faculty, students, and alumni featured in insights jennifer neville cosaward diskarl v. karlstrom outstanding educator award kihara receives nsf grant cs alumnus kim publishes it novel learning community award learning community award 2016 leecongdon magic meet mathias payer meawad receives ceta teaching award meet tiark rompf memorial service for alberto apostolico cs students compete in largest ever student-run hackathon microsoft trustworthy computing reliability awarddisplay name here midwest theory day operation military kids naipc 2015 ndss best paper cs student’s research leads to technology adopted by microsoft neville honored with umass alumni award display name here online course outstanding alumni 2014 2013 outstanding alumni outstanding alumni 2015 pdogopportunity pengsiu_mei pothen parallel computing center new professional master’s degree in information security szpankowski_bementaward purdue hacker teams win top prizes at the worlds largest collegiate hack-a-thon cs student project receives entrepreneurship prototyping grant reconnect cos alumni event ribeiro acm best paper robo rally 2015 cs student honored for teaching excellence science magazine features prof. gleich sensorhound sensor hound accelerates sigsoft distinguished paper award six new faculty software creators software engineering senior spring 16 software engineering senior project f2015 software engineering track dr. sonia fahmy joins cyber center sonia fahmy university scholar spaf, atallah outstanding paper spafford named to epic advisory board 2013 splash conference state farm gift summer camp 2014 cs students compete in international supercomputing challenge symantec graduate fellowship szpankowski named distinguished professor tapia conference testoftime_atallah top undergraduate teacher tunr kihara and vitek named 2013 university faculty scholars vex robotics cometition videos sensitive information in a networked world acm sidmod: distinguished profiles in databases adventures in computer science information theory in an industrial research lab analysis of algorithms: when will i ever use this? beauty and the beast: the theory and practice of information integration fundamental limits of cognitive networks compilers and multicore computing systems computerized voting machines: who is counting your vote? contracts under asymmetric information cuda 5 and beyond social search - information retrieval with ephemeral data exponential change: challenges and opportunities foreseeing the unseen: probability estimation over large alphabets going non-linear from point a to point b graph mining: laws, generators and tools great principles of computing towards a highly available internet how to hurt scientific productivity in search of impact: service counts, too! computer science videos information theory: models, algorithms, analysis the natural mathematics that arises in information theory and investment the interplay of information theory, probability, and statistics information theory today accelerate your programming or science career with gpu computing: an introduction to using cuda just like magic: anthropological accounts of wireless technology the future of lapack and scalapack solving large sparse linear systems: the exascale challenge learning to think about the world leonhard euler: 300 years old the logic of biological networks new directions in the application of model order reduction networks: how information theory met the space and the time never ending learning new directions in computer science a new scheduling paradigm for internet-based computing new sciences for a new web purdue university: archives & special collections oral history program computer modeling of the orion spacecraft parachutes two for the price of one - a model for parallel and incremental computation when is the pen mightier than the keyboard? personal reflections on computing program obfuscation and one-time programs sequoia: programming the memory hierarchy security of voting systems the role of science and mathematics in software development stable internet routing without global coordination implications of storage class memories on software and hardware supercomputers and clusters and grids, oh my! computer science at purdue: the good ol' days tracks, trackers, & tracking the ultimate visualization display towards universal semantic communication from vacuum tubes to plasma tv's: five decades of change bringing (web) databases to the masses what is information? insights from quantum physics temporal guarantees over wireless networks walid 10-year best paper whatsupdoc windward codewars 2016 university faculty scholar young women computer scientists “think big” outreach summer camps adventures in computer science camp frequently asked questions contact us cs 180 hs k-12 outreach program magic student group news news cs ed week programming challenge cs ed week programming challenge cs ed week programming challenge programs purdue faculty resources resources rocs student group indiana k-12 schools indiana k-12 teachers what is cs? people awards honors and awards by faculty faculty computer science faculty graduate students graduate students people printable directory staff staff directory student organizations plug-ins and applications the port in computer science homepage_quicklinks research associated research centers and institutes contacts current research funding current research funding research research seminars sp-gist download sp-gist home people publications sponsors resources academic integrity anonymous ftp use acceptable use policy backups building emergency plan facilities conference rooms facilities staff general overview haas257 haasg40 haasg56 computer science facilities instructional labs lawson 1123c lawson 1130 commons lawson 1142 lawson 1168 lawson 2149c lawson 2150 lawson 2161b lawson 3102ab lawson 3133b lawson 3144d lawson 3151a lawson 3162 lwsn b131 lwsn b132a lwsn b146 lwsn b148 lwsn b158 lwsn b160 oracle access explanation of "file system full" notification remote access to cs facilities purdue cs ssh public key fingerprint explanation of "over disk quota" notification policy on unix find command grad accounts felix haas hall resources instructional lab policies lawson building netcam policy policies the port printer toner printers strategic plan undergrad accounts search results search results sitemap study abroad images study abroad tsinghua university test undergraduate academic advisors bridge program ridge flyer bridge program codo curriculum bachelor of science degree requirements minor-summer2016 bs/ms degree program cooperative education program database and information systems track honors in computer science curriculum minor in computer science new-minor-summer-2016 minor in computer science curriculum resources computer graphics and visualization track computational science and engineering track foundations of computer science track machine intelligence track programming language track security track software engineering track software engineering senior project systems programming track employment frequently asked questions undergraduate program scholarships scholarships student life undergraduate research last updated: oct 2, 2013 8:54 am purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue university :: computer science :: assistant, associate, and professor positions < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan computer science home about us academics research alumni outreach resources corporate assistant, associate, and professor positions tenure-track/tenured faculty positions the department of computer science at purdue university is in a phase of significant growth. applications are solicited for seven tenure-track and tenured positions at the assistant, associate and full professor levels. outstanding candidates in all areas of computer science will be considered. review of applications and candidate interviews will begin early in october 2015, and will continue until the positions are filled. the department of computer science offers a stimulating academic environment with research programs in most areas of computer science. information about the department and a description of open positions are available at http://www.cs.purdue.edu applicants should hold a phd in computer science, or related discipline, be committed to excellence in teaching, and have demonstrated excellence in research. successful candidates will be expected to conduct research in their fields of expertise, teach courses in computer science, and participate in other department and university activities.  salary and benefits are competitive, and purdue is a dual career friendly employer. applicants are strongly encouraged to apply online at https://hiring.science.purdue.edu. alternatively, hardcopy applications can be sent to: faculty search chair department of computer science 305 n. university street purdue university, west lafayette, in 47907 a background check will be required for employment. purdue university is an eeo/aa employer fully committed to achieving a diverse workforce. all individuals, including minorities, women, individuals with disabilities, and protected veterans are encouraged to apply. last updated: sep 24, 2015 3:57 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.purdue college of science: college of science: events calendar quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency college of science menu home future students undergraduate dean's message who we are academics admissions careers and internships costs student life at purdue undergraduate curriculum visit our campus star tasks graduate current students undergraduate curriculum and degree requirements star tasks majors minors codo information scholarships learning beyond the classroom study abroad tutoring service/help sessions research majors faqs resources advising seeing a cos advisor walk-in schedule directory handbook international students international registration placement exams opportunities to get involved course selection criteria undergraduate research and poster symposium graduate careers alumni alumni events science recognition science alumni board science women for purdue science dean's club stories of impact give departments biological sciences chemistry computer science earth, atmospheric, and planetary sciences mathematics physics and astronomy statistics research biological sciences chemistry computer science earth, atmospheric, and planetary sciences mathematics department of physics and astronomy statistics outreach about science k-12 outreach teacher professional development long term partnerships student activities announcements & news departmental k-12 outreach and contact information people science administration biological sciences chemistry computer science earth, atmospheric, and planetary sciences mathematics physics and astronomy statistics science it home college of science: events calendar college of science: events calendars biology cerias computer science eaps mathematics physics statistics physics calendar news & publications news and publications insights - current issue summer 2016 e-news science calendar university news service purdue today giving giving to science planned giving diversity diversity programs multicultural science programs women in science programs people faculty & staff resources science administration science it science central employment purdue university college of science, 150 n. university st, west lafayette, in 47907 • phone: (765) 494-1729, fax: (765) 494-1736 student advising office: (765) 494-1771, fax: (765) 496-3015 • science it, (765) 494-4488 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the college of science webmaster.purdue college of science: giving to science quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency college of science menu home future students undergraduate dean's message who we are academics admissions careers and internships costs student life at purdue undergraduate curriculum visit our campus star tasks graduate current students undergraduate curriculum and degree requirements star tasks majors minors codo information scholarships learning beyond the classroom study abroad tutoring service/help sessions research majors faqs resources advising seeing a cos advisor walk-in schedule directory handbook international students international registration placement exams opportunities to get involved course selection criteria undergraduate research and poster symposium graduate careers alumni alumni events science recognition science alumni board science women for purdue science dean's club stories of impact give departments biological sciences chemistry computer science earth, atmospheric, and planetary sciences mathematics physics and astronomy statistics research biological sciences chemistry computer science earth, atmospheric, and planetary sciences mathematics department of physics and astronomy statistics outreach about science k-12 outreach teacher professional development long term partnerships student activities announcements & news departmental k-12 outreach and contact information people science administration biological sciences chemistry computer science earth, atmospheric, and planetary sciences mathematics physics and astronomy statistics science it home alumni giving to science giving to scienceplease contact the college of science advancement team if you have questions. match your gift university development office planned giving giving to purdue college of science ways to give donating lilly-purdue alumni scholarships the lilly-purdue alumni scholarships are supported by employees of the eli lilly company who are also college of science alumni.  the lpas is a true full-ride four-year scholarship which includes tuition, fees, room/board, and books.  lpas is for students in indiana and the surrounding states, is merit based, and is not gender biased.  contact aaron kosdrosky at (765) 494-7060 or arkosdrosky@prf.org college of science unrestricted funds gifts to the college of science are used to meet today’s greatest needs. gifts may be used to send an undergraduate student abroad, supplement a graduate student’s stipend or hire the next up-and-coming professor. contact andrea spahn-mcgraw at (765) 496-3525 or amspahn-mcgraw@prf.org college of science scholarships gifts to the science scholarship fund provide undergraduate students, regardless of background, with the opportunity for a purdue education. contact andrea spahn-mcgraw at (765) 496-3525 or amspahn-mcgraw@prf.org science k-12 outreach initiatives gifts to the k-12 outreach support the college of science's work towards a more scientifically literate population. gifts will be used to link the expertise of the college of science faculty with students, teachers, parents, schools, and school systems through collaborative interactions. contact: bill walker at (765) 494-5890 or wwalker@purdue.edu science women for purdue giving circle the science women for purdue giving circle is a philanthropic initiative and collaboration for women to create new, innovative funding to support the sciences at purdue university. the giving circle consists of philanthropic minded women who make an annual gift. combining all of them together creates a greater impact. students, staff, faculty, alumnae and friends of the college of science are encouraged to participate and make a difference. full membership with voting rights requires a commitment of at least $1,000 for one calendar year. membership can be renewed annually. contact elizabeth thompson at (765) 494-4591 or erthompson@prf.org science diversity office diversity efforts have three primary purposes: expose pre-college students to the wonders of science and purdue build diversity awareness for faculty, staff, and students and provide leadership training improve the recruiting, retention, mentoring, and promotion of faculty, staff, and students contact: zenephia evans at (765) 494-1760 or zevans@purdue.edu women in science programs wisp ensures a climate in which women are allowed to reach their full potential by supporting young girls discovering their passion for science. sciencescape, a residential camp, attracts pre-college females. the wisp undergraduate program supports the earhart living/learning community, sophomore learning community, tutoring and mentoring. the wisp graduate program provides mentoring and travel grants. contact: zenephia evans at (765) 494-1760 or zevens@purdue.edu multicultural science programs msp works to improve the retention and graduation of under-represented students by promoting their academic and personal growth. msp provides service in the areas of advising, tutoring, and leadership development that give students the tools to develop academic discipline and other important qualities that will enhance their education and ultimately, their careers. msp supports the graduate student networking group, amss/soar, moe's, stem abc, science 100, and stop. contact: dr. zenephia evans at (765) 494-1769 or zevans@purdue.edu science alumni undergraduate research fellowship the science alumni board has established an endowment to support undergraduate research opportunities, allowing student to explore and engage in research projects, conferences and symposiums. contact andrea spahn-mcgraw (765) 496-3525 or amspahn-mcgraw@prf.org alumni home science alumni events recognition distinguished science alumni awards honorary doctorates outstanding alumni awards resources science women for purdue purdue alumni association purdue athletics center for career opportunities purdue campus map science alumni board undergraduate research fellowship endowment giving to science areas of support ever true: the campaign for purdue university dean's club stories of impact matching gifts planned giving meet the science advancement team news & publications news and publications insights - current issue summer 2016 e-news science calendar university news service purdue today giving giving to science planned giving diversity diversity programs multicultural science programs women in science programs people faculty & staff resources science administration science it science central employment purdue university college of science, 150 n. university st, west lafayette, in 47907 • phone: (765) 494-1729, fax: (765) 494-1736 student advising office: (765) 494-1771, fax: (765) 496-3015 • science it, (765) 494-4488 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the college of science webmaster.site_error: bb 510 - ip address: 128.210.106.49purdue university :: computer science :: plug-ins and applications < purdue.edu apply visit computer science navigation purdue cs facebook purdue cs twitter cs giving news my.cs portal college of science about us welcome message conte lecture series annual reports awards diversity phd recipients contact us calendar people faculty / visitors faculty awards staff graduate students student organizations printable directory academics future students undergraduate graduate courses study abroad research centers and institutes funding seminars technical reports alumni distinguished alumnus past distinguished alumni outstanding alumni past outstanding alumni keep in touch jobs phd recipients lawson building felix haas hall outreach contact us summer camps corporate partner programs current partners recruiter information opportunity update announcements employment events internships graduation survey careers resources business office campus map facilities ftp server help lawson building felix haas hall building emergency plan libraries policies strategic plan computer science home about us academics research alumni outreach resources corporate plug-ins and applications some content on this site may require special plug-ins or applications. links to download these applications are listed below: adobe reader adobe flash player power point viewer (for windows)  microsoft word viewer microsoft excel viewer last updated: nov 12, 2013 4:34 pm purdue university department of computer science west lafayette, indiana 47907 • phone: (765) 494-6010 • fax: (765) 494-0739 • contact us resources news videos sitemap business office faculty positions 2015-16 search is open calendar cs seminars science seminars give want to make an impact? consider a gift to the college of science. click here for more... planned giving — is a planned gift the perfect option for you? contact us 305 n. university street west lafayette, in  47907 phone: (765) 494-6010 fax: (765) 494-0739 contact us copyright © 2014, purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability. please contact the college of science webmaster. some content on this site may require the use of a special plug-in or application. please visit our plug-ins page for links to download these applications.academics, academic programs - purdue university <iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-ms2rth" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency menu home admissions academics inclusion arts and ideas research alumni athletics about academics astronauts. inventors. leaders. our rigorous academic programs — led by some of the top professors in the world — prepare students for all different walks of life. we empower our students to move the world forward. majors tuition and fees transcripts undergrads majors and minors libraries learning communities academic support and tutoring also on campus graduate school honors college online writing lab think summer off campus distance learning zip trips study abroad youth programs important offices provost advising student life international students and scholars news 12 of september purdue university sets records for largest enrollment and highest graduation rates ever some 40,451 students descended on the purdue university west lafayette campus this semester, setting the record for the largest enrollment ever. 26 of august trustees ok selection process for student trustee, create path for convening new purdue northwest senate the purdue university board of trustees on friday (aug. 26) approved a process for selecting purdue's student trustee, passed a resolution thanking donors who have contributed $1 million or more to the university, and approved a posthumous degree. see all news communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction information shop calendar libraries information technology tuition calculator center for healthy living people human resources speak up diversity and inclusion ethics and compliance public safety timely warnings purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, 765-494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | integrity statement | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.admissions, college application - purdue university <iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-ms2rth" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency menu home admissions academics inclusion arts and ideas research alumni athletics about admissions applying to college is an important step toward your future — and we're here to help. from admissions requirements and a list of majors to info on housing and financial aid — you'll find it all here. tuition and fees scholarships office of the bursar undergraduate students admissions apply now financial aid visit campus admitted students majors and minors graduate students graduate majors how to apply apply now funding accepting admission international students admissions graduate admissions international students and scholars student visa admitted students transfer students apply now dates and deadlines transfer credit majors and minors purdue university @lifeatpurdue 1h mt @reppurdue: learn how to be a brand champion & #buylicensed! https://t.co/xurulbefru https://t.co/ejc18ohv92 https://t.co/roydqp0por purdue university @lifeatpurdue 3h rt @mymoneypurdue: one of the more common #financialaid questions that comes along! #fafsa https://t.co/g0vdqjitqq follow @lifeatpurdue on twitter news 20 of july purdue tli students win trip to democratic national convention a group of technology leadership and innovation graduate students from purdue polytechnic institute will experience first-hand the democratic national convention next week in philadelphia. 12 of july purdue named in top 15 for worldwide universities granted u.s. patents in 2015 purdue university is ranked 15th in the world among universities granted u.s. utility patents in 2015, according to a new report released by the national academy of inventors and the intellectual property owners association. see all news communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction information shop calendar libraries information technology tuition calculator center for healthy living people human resources speak up diversity and inclusion ethics and compliance public safety timely warnings purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, 765-494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | integrity statement | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.resources for current students - purdue university <iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-ms2rth" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency menu home admissions academics inclusion arts and ideas research alumni athletics about current students you're busy. we get it. that's why we've created this section of the website just for you — no more searching around for things like blackboard, dining court menus and important course information. current information for current students. office 365 academic calendar boiler express student services push (student health) student wellness international students and scholars registrar bursar financial aid housing and food career resources cco career fairs internships co-ops student jobs campus life student organizations athletics cultural centers international programs student union board (psub) rec sports bicycle information academic graduate school research opportunities study abroad student success online writing lab supplemental instruction @lifeatpurdue instagram feed follow communication employee portal blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction information shop calendar libraries information technology tuition calculator center for healthy living people human resources speak up diversity and inclusion ethics and compliance public safety timely warnings purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, 765-494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | integrity statement | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.college athletics and recreational sports - purdue university <iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-ms2rth" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency menu home admissions academics inclusion arts and ideas research alumni athletics about athletics boiler up! whether you live for life on the sidelines, want to join an intramural team or have already played for thousands of cheering fans, find your perfect way to stay connected with boilermaker athletics. purdue sport camps rec sports intramurals boiler up intercollegiate athletics john purdue club purdue fan gear ticket info purdue pete appearances competitions and fun club sports golf courses tennis center aquatics center fun for all bass fishing juggling and unicycling dance student organizations health and wellness running trails fitness programs wellness programs student health center purdue athletics @purduesports 23m retweeted from @purduevb relive our 2-0 weekend right here in this behind-the-scenes look at our trip to stanford! #boilerup https://t.co/ogzuakwmmx purdue athletics @purduesports 4h the @boilerball promo schedule was released today! check out the details here: https://t.co/ofomuiuspr #boilerup https://t.co/wbwokr1v4p follow @purduesports on twitter communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction information shop calendar libraries information technology tuition calculator center for healthy living people human resources speak up diversity and inclusion ethics and compliance public safety timely warnings purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, 765-494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | integrity statement | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.about purdue's history, traditions, achievements & more - purdue university <iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-ms2rth" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency menu home admissions academics inclusion arts and ideas research alumni athletics about about purdue university history. traditions. achievements. the boilermaker story is full of milestones that have had a significant impact on our state, nation and world. see for yourself how purdue fulfills its mission. colleges and schools employment campus map administration office of the president board of trustees purdue administration faculty senate office of the provost commitment to free speech data and statistics data digest rankings audited financials (pdf) traditions history hall of innovators across indiana technical assistance program extension offices research parks purdue polytechnic statewide locations online learning regional campuses ipfw northwest news 13 of september neurotrauma research into high school football players examines how to improve helmet tech a group of researchers studying how impacts affect the brains of high school football players also are analyzing the deficiencies of conventional football helmets and coaching strategies to reduce injury. 12 of september indiana companies expand purdue pathmaker internship program purdue university senior miranda lung admits to being surprised by how much she has been learning in her internship at lafayette, indiana-based wabash national corp. see all news communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction information shop calendar libraries information technology tuition calculator center for healthy living people human resources speak up diversity and inclusion ethics and compliance public safety timely warnings purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, 765-494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | integrity statement | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.careers, career opportunities - purdue university <iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-ms2rth" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency menu home admissions academics inclusion arts and ideas research alumni athletics about careers there's a good reason so many companies come to purdue to recruit — our outstanding students. explore the job fairs and other opportunities that connect boilermakers with some of the world's best corporations and organizations. cco human resources student employment for students work-study choose a career create a resume find a job interview prep for employers on-campus interviews recruitment calendar general principles offer guidelines for prospective employees search openings job seeker resources benefits and advantages careers and opportunities communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction information shop calendar libraries information technology tuition calculator center for healthy living people human resources speak up diversity and inclusion ethics and compliance public safety timely warnings purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, 765-494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | integrity statement | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.resources for prospective students - purdue university <iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-ms2rth" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency menu home admissions academics inclusion arts and ideas research alumni athletics about prospective students ready to find out what life is like as a boilermaker? this is where you’ll find information about our academic programs, student life, applying to purdue, financial aid and anything related to being a boilermaker. majors tuition and fees application status academics colleges and schools honors college study abroad learning communities rankings graduate school admissions visit campus apply now dates and deadlines admissions criteria transfer credit graduate school campus life housing student organizations cultural centers campus dining student health rec sports costs and financial aid cost estimator financial aid freshman scholarships tuition and fees fafsa national and international scholarships @lifeatpurdue instagram feed follow communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction information shop calendar libraries information technology tuition calculator center for healthy living people human resources speak up diversity and inclusion ethics and compliance public safety timely warnings purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, 765-494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | integrity statement | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.university research & partnerships - purdue university <iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-ms2rth" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency menu home admissions academics inclusion arts and ideas research alumni athletics about research and partnerships few universities can match the depth and breadth of purdue's research capabilities and talent. as you explore our world-changing research, you'll quickly see why purdue is a national and global leader in discovery and innovation. research and partnerships discovery park corporate and global partnerships the building blocks funding and grant writing graduate research research cores undergraduate research regulatory affairs research compliance human research protection program research quality assurance research integrity centers and organizations discovery park research centers purdue research foundation research park locations partnerships sponsored programs purdue policy research institute global academics technology commercialization news 12 of september research team developing cooling innovation is finalist in r and d 100 a team of researchers from purdue university and the toyota research institute of north america developing a new cooling technology for hybrid and electric vehicles is a finalist for the 2016 r and d 100 award. 12 of september nsf grant to help archaeologist with drone fieldwork in armenia a purdue university archaeologist is studying how communities formed and thrived more than 3,000 years ago in northwestern armenia, thanks to a grant from the national science foundation. see all news research at purdue @research_purdue 11h retweeted from @purdueunivnews .@purdueengineers & @toyota recognized for cool research @research_purdue @nsf https://t.co/5aaukdvbhr https://t.co/vzmdaypagt research at purdue @research_purdue 1d the @discoveryparkpu open house & convergence conference is just 2 weeks away! join us on september 23. #dpconverge https://t.co/hhm8bpuuqf follow @research_purdue on twitter communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction information shop calendar libraries information technology tuition calculator center for healthy living people human resources speak up diversity and inclusion ethics and compliance public safety timely warnings purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, 765-494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | integrity statement | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.entrepreneurship and commercialization - purdue university <iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-ms2rth" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency menu home admissions academics inclusion arts and ideas research alumni athletics about entrepreneurship and commercialization faculty, staff and students across all purdue campuses are actively engaged in entrepreneurship and commercialization, and innovations from purdue are helping people in more than 100 countries. purdue foundry commercialization entrepreneurship purdue research foundation careers real estate investments financial services giving to purdue purdue research park locations companies amenities entrepreneurs investors entrepreneurship purdue foundry startup guide diff funding the anvil center for entrepreneurship technology transfer available technologies faculty/staff innovators student innovators technology videos licenses and options news 12 of september purdue students develop environmentally friendly soy-based alternative to plastic exfoliating beads in soap four purdue students have created an alternative to the plastic microbeads found in nearly all exfoliating soaps by using soy-based components. soy-based beads are safe for the environment, unlike the plastic beads that can damage the environment and harm animals. 7 of september purdue graduate's startup brings indian agricultural product to america a purdue university graduate is seeking to bring the agricultural benefits of the neem tree (or nimtree), a staple of life in india for thousands of years, to america through his startup nimtree organics. see all news seek the part purdue is helping make online searches easier — with just a snap of the camera. vizseek is a new visual search engine that helps people find industrial parts online, even when they don't know the name or product number. instead, a user selects a category to search, then uploads a photograph of the item to be found. the vizseek engine shows items similar to the uploaded photograph.  "ours is the only online location to find industrial products with a photo," says jamie tan, ceo and co-founder of imaginestics llc, which is headquartered at the purdue research park of west lafayette. communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction information shop calendar libraries information technology tuition calculator center for healthy living people human resources speak up diversity and inclusion ethics and compliance public safety timely warnings purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, 765-494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | integrity statement | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.admissions, college application - purdue university <iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-ms2rth" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency menu home admissions academics inclusion arts and ideas research alumni athletics about admissions applying to college is an important step toward your future — and we're here to help. from admissions requirements and a list of majors to info on housing and financial aid — you'll find it all here. tuition and fees scholarships office of the bursar undergraduate students admissions apply now financial aid visit campus admitted students majors and minors graduate students graduate majors how to apply apply now funding accepting admission international students admissions graduate admissions international students and scholars student visa admitted students transfer students apply now dates and deadlines transfer credit majors and minors purdue university @lifeatpurdue 1h mt @reppurdue: learn how to be a brand champion & #buylicensed! https://t.co/xurulbefru https://t.co/ejc18ohv92 https://t.co/roydqp0por purdue university @lifeatpurdue 3h rt @mymoneypurdue: one of the more common #financialaid questions that comes along! #fafsa https://t.co/g0vdqjitqq follow @lifeatpurdue on twitter news 20 of july purdue tli students win trip to democratic national convention a group of technology leadership and innovation graduate students from purdue polytechnic institute will experience first-hand the democratic national convention next week in philadelphia. 12 of july purdue named in top 15 for worldwide universities granted u.s. patents in 2015 purdue university is ranked 15th in the world among universities granted u.s. utility patents in 2015, according to a new report released by the national academy of inventors and the intellectual property owners association. see all news communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction information shop calendar libraries information technology tuition calculator center for healthy living people human resources speak up diversity and inclusion ethics and compliance public safety timely warnings purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, 765-494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | integrity statement | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.featured news - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency news menu home news topics featured recent academics events experts outreach research safety student purdue today media relations purdue in the news contact featured news featured news purdue opens first field phenotyping facility in north america olympics champ boudia to headline indianapolis event purdue startup receives $750,000 nsf grant one-sixth of land on earth is highly vulnerable to invasive species purdue to dedicate $90 million academic residential college dec. 18, 2016 bcc's fall cultural arts series see other events recent news purdue news twitter august 30, 2016 forbes: purdue’s income sharing agreement solution to the student debt crisis more purdue in the news experts for media communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction info for staff purdue moves board of trustees university senate apsac cssac resources human resources center for healthy living information technology ethics & compliance campus disruptions purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, 765-494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | integrity statement | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.office of the president - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency office of the president menu home about mitchell e. daniels, jr. biography curriculum vitae for mitchell e. daniels, jr. purdue first lady cheri daniels contact events faculty colloquia faculty colloquia — 2016 faculty colloquia — 2015 faculty colloquia — 2014 presidential lecture series presidential lecture series frank bruni - sept. 9 arne duncan - sept. 16 george will - dec. 7 john schnatter - march 28 george shultz - april 19 media purdue's 12th president in the news daniels selected as purdue president podcasts photos speeches select speeches by mitchell e. daniels, jr. president's forums 2014 president's forums feb. 13 president's forum april 30 president's forum september 24 president's forum 2013 president's forums march 28 president's forum april 25 president's forum sept. 12 president's forum oct. 3 president's forum nov. 7 president's forum presidential appearance request form messages president's messages 2016 annual open letter to the people of purdue initiatives purdue moves gallup-purdue index purdue president mitchell e. daniels, jr. highlights twitter a letter from purdue president mitch daniels to new students - august 22, 2016 purdue has the president america needs - june 15, 2016 daniels to graduates: never forget those who helped, but your successes, failures are your own - may 13, 2016 purdue's 'back a boiler' fires up for fall - may 6, 2016 purdue announces 5th tuition freeze - april 20, 2016 getting a student loan with collateral from a future job - april 8, 2016 aspen institute launches new initiative on future of work and capitalism - november 30, 2015 the role of public universities in making college affordable - november 11, 2015 tweets by @purduemitch   annual open letter to the people of purdue from mitch daniels january 2016 as i wish everyone a sincere happy 2016, i could venture to hope for a year as generally successful as the one just passed. our university saw record applications from an entering class that set another record for academic qualifications; record research grants; record numbers of patents, licenses, and startup companies; and record donations, all by substantial margins over the previous highs. but as our athletic coaches would remind us, we are only as good as our next game, so this letter, like its predecessors, will studiously face forward, addressing four broad topics that i hope are of interest to us all. to read president daniels' commentary on "research at purdue," "student success at purdue," "athletics at purdue," and "one purdue," click here for a web page or here for a pdf. messages in the news presidential lecture series communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction information shop calendar libraries information technology tuition calculator center for healthy living people human resources speak up diversity & inclusion ethics & compliance public safety timely warnings purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-4600 © 2015-16 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | integrity statement | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.purdue apparel - purdue university gear, purdue boilermakers merchandise, clothing, shop - official purdue store top of page skip to top navigation skip to main content   home - flat rate shipping. any size order! - - a portion of proceeds benefit purdue university - my account | sign out order status gift certificates customer service purdue.edu shopping cart my cart (  0 items  )   $0.00 checkout now search for: search submit top nav purdue edu men's gear accessories blankets, bed & bath collectibles flags & banners gameday & tailgate golf & more hats home office & school jackets jerseys lawn & garden luggage & sportbags polos shoes & socks shorts & pants sweatshirts & fleece t-shirts wallets & checkbooks watches & clocks purdue edu women's apparel accessories blankets, bed & bath collectibles flags & banners gameday & tailgate golf & more hats home office & school jerseys lawn & garden luggage & sportbags polos shorts & pants skirts & dresses sweatshirts & fleece t-shirts wallets & checkbooks watches & clocks shoes & socks purdue edu kids clothing accessories blankets, bed & bath gameday & tailgate golf & more hats jackets jerseys polos shoes & socks shorts & pants skirts & dresses sweatshirts & fleece t-shirts purdue edu t-shirts long sleeved short sleeved tank tops mens women kids purdue edu hats adjustable bucket fitted flex fit headbands knit visors mens women kids purdue edu sweatshirts sweaters mens women kids purdue edu jerseys football nike game replica mens women kids purdue edu accessories belts checkbooks-wallets electronics headbands & wristbands holiday items imagine that jewelry keychains pins & buttons sunglasses ties toys & games travel watches mens women kids view all purdue edu merchandise main content purdue gear, ncaa tournament and march madness apparel from the official purdue university shop purdue gear and apparel at the official purdue university shop shop our grand selection of purdue apparel at the official purdue university store. we stock only officially licensed purdue clothing for men, women and kids boilermaker fans. the official purdue shop carries tons of boilermakers gear, including purdue university gifts for fans and alumni. get yourself all geared up for the next big game in the latest purdue merchandise. show your boilermakers pride when you cheer on purdue football, baseball and basketball teams in new purdue university attire and products from the official purdue store. sign up for great updates visit our mobile site >> visit purdue.edu account information order status my account  |  sign out view cart worry free shopping safe shopping about us privacy policy interest-based advertising terms of use customer service help shipping  and  returns call: 1-877-208-5532 information gift certificates corporate info size chart © 2016 fanatics retail group, all rights reserved. no portion of this site may be reproduced or duplicated without the express permission of fanatics retail group. - sitemap   skip to top of pagevisitor information - purdue university loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency visitor information home info for alumni & visitors prospective students large groups conference attendees tours guided tours self-guided tours middle school tours schedule a tour see and do hotels dining shops attractions university events welcome center about our staff accommodations for disabilities getting here transportation maps & directions parking the purdue welcome center now located at the purdue memorial union. maps & directions parking schedule a tour west lafayette time: visitor information welcome on behalf of the entire purdue community. as you explore purdue university, both online and while on campus, you will discover how we are working to deliver higher education at the highest proven value. from getting here to finding things to do while you are on campus and even checking the local time, this website provides answers to many common visit-related questions and needs. can't find what you are looking for? we're happy to help. contact us by chat, email or phone. merchandise area visitor info communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction services blackboard environmental health & public safety libraries itap center for healthy living other portal shop clery reporting act tuition calculator ethics & compliance speak up purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, 765-494-4600 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact purdue marketing and media at online@purdue.edu. questions? feedback? powered by olark live chat softwareredirecting to purdue university - give nowwl campus emergency status - campus safety status - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency campus safety status menu home admissions academics inclusion arts and ideas research alumni athletics about wl campus emergency status purdue emergency twitter tweets by @purdueemergency   timely warning messages at purdue timely warning messages are part of purdue university’s commitment to providing campus-area crime information in compliance with the federal jeanne clery disclosure of campus security policy and campus crime statistics act or, clery act, as it is commonly known. for more information on the clery act please visit www.ed.gov/admins/lead/safety/campus.html. text messaging sign up for students, faculty and staff sign up for purdue alert text messaging or update your information at www.purdue.edu/securepurdue. text messages from @purdueemergency twitter's "fast follow" feature allows you to receive purdue emergency text message alerts without signing up for a twitter account. full instructions on signing up with "fast follow." prepare for emergencies prepare for emergencies and learn more about purdue alerts at www.purdue.edu/emergency_preparedness. download the purdue application from itunes and click the “safety” button for more information. life@purdue tweets by @lifeatpurdue visit the lifeatpurdue twitter feed     safety contacts emergencies call 911 - police and fire purdue police www.purdue.edu/police/ phone: 765-494-8221 purdue fire www.purdue.edu/fire/ phone: 765-494-6919 emergency preparedness www.purdue.edu/emergency_preparedness/ to report a safety hazard: ehps@purdue.edu phone: 765-494-0446 environmental health and public safety www.purdue.edu/ehps carol shelby, senior director (765) 494-7504 cshelby@purdue.edu purdue radiological and environmental management www.purdue.edu/rem/ phone: 765-494-6371 communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction information shop calendar libraries information technology tuition calculator center for healthy living people human resources speak up diversity & inclusion ethics & compliance public safety timely warnings purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-4600 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by purdue news service if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact purdue news service at purduenews@purdue.edu.purdue university - indiana's land grant university quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency menu home admissions academics inclusion arts and ideas research alumni athletics about amazon textbooks campus map blackboard mypurdue apply now academic calendar student health number 2 best school in the u.s. with rolling admission (u.s. news and world report) communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction information shop calendar libraries information technology tuition calculator center for healthy living people human resources speak up diversity and inclusion ethics and compliance public safety timely warnings purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, 765-494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | integrity statement | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.300 multiple choices multiple choices the document name you requested (/index.php) could not be found on this server. however, we found documents with names similar to the one you requested. available documents: /index.html (common basename)academics, academic programs - purdue university <iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-ms2rth" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency menu home admissions academics inclusion arts and ideas research alumni athletics about academics astronauts. inventors. leaders. our rigorous academic programs — led by some of the top professors in the world — prepare students for all different walks of life. we empower our students to move the world forward. majors tuition and fees transcripts undergrads majors and minors libraries learning communities academic support and tutoring also on campus graduate school honors college online writing lab think summer off campus distance learning zip trips study abroad youth programs important offices provost advising student life international students and scholars news 12 of september purdue university sets records for largest enrollment and highest graduation rates ever some 40,451 students descended on the purdue university west lafayette campus this semester, setting the record for the largest enrollment ever. 26 of august trustees ok selection process for student trustee, create path for convening new purdue northwest senate the purdue university board of trustees on friday (aug. 26) approved a process for selecting purdue's student trustee, passed a resolution thanking donors who have contributed $1 million or more to the university, and approved a posthumous degree. see all news communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction information shop calendar libraries information technology tuition calculator center for healthy living people human resources speak up diversity and inclusion ethics and compliance public safety timely warnings purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, 765-494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | integrity statement | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.building an inclusive community - purdue university <iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-ms2rth" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency menu home admissions academics inclusion arts and ideas research alumni athletics about inclusion purdue is committed to creating and sustaining a welcoming campus for all. we bring together resources, cultural centers and diversity programs to build a more inclusive community. diversity and inclusion diversity data human resources centers asian-american and asian resource and cultural center black cultural center latino cultural center lgbtq center native american educational and cultural center offices title ix disability resources international students and scholars institutional equity ethics and compliance colleges agriculture education engineering health and human sciences liberal arts management colleges pharmacy purdue polytechnic institute science veterinary medicine honors college purdue knitter punk afton marie goins is an activist, difference maker and avid knitter with an unyielding enthusiasm to become a champion of individuality and service. goins, who is working on a minor in creative writing and hopes to write children's books, is an active member of purdue university neoteric knitters (punk), a student organization that offers a friendly social atmosphere and community of like-minded knitting enthusiasts. "to new students, my ultimate piece of advice is first of all to know yourself and love yourself, and second of all to love yourself enough to be able to own up and admit when you're wrong so that you can grow better from it,” she says. @lifeatpurdue instagram feed follow communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction information shop calendar libraries information technology tuition calculator center for healthy living people human resources speak up diversity and inclusion ethics and compliance public safety timely warnings purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, 765-494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | integrity statement | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.arts and cultural programs - purdue university <iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-ms2rth" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency menu home admissions academics inclusion arts and ideas research alumni athletics about arts and ideas educational. inspirational. awesome. here you'll find cultural centers, theatres, art galleries — and that's just the beginning. discover for yourself how entertainment and education combine in powerful ways at purdue. clubs convocations greek life lecture series presidential lecture series discovery lecture series corporate citizenship and ethics series krannert leadership speaker series art galleries patti and rusty rueff galleries robert l. ringel gallery music and stage purdue musical organizations purdue bands and orchestras convocations theatre elliott hall of music dance cultural centers and programs asian american and asian resource and cultural center black cultural center latino cultural center lgbtq center native american educational and cultural center confucius institute purdue convocations @convocations 11h you won't want to miss @redbaraat when they visit purdue on 9/16 for global fest 2016! https://t.co/mcuyruftg3 https://t.co/irpx4as55z purdue convocations @convocations 1d @nashapurdue @redbaraat and dhol player sunny jain host a bhangra dance party at pmu ballrooms; sept. 16 at 8 pm! https://t.co/jabzqwdvaz follow @convocations on twitter nearly 1000 student clubs and organizations communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction information shop calendar libraries information technology tuition calculator center for healthy living people human resources speak up diversity and inclusion ethics and compliance public safety timely warnings purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, 765-494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | integrity statement | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.university research & partnerships - purdue university <iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-ms2rth" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency menu home admissions academics inclusion arts and ideas research alumni athletics about research and partnerships few universities can match the depth and breadth of purdue's research capabilities and talent. as you explore our world-changing research, you'll quickly see why purdue is a national and global leader in discovery and innovation. research and partnerships discovery park corporate and global partnerships the building blocks funding and grant writing graduate research research cores undergraduate research regulatory affairs research compliance human research protection program research quality assurance research integrity centers and organizations discovery park research centers purdue research foundation research park locations partnerships sponsored programs purdue policy research institute global academics technology commercialization news 12 of september research team developing cooling innovation is finalist in r and d 100 a team of researchers from purdue university and the toyota research institute of north america developing a new cooling technology for hybrid and electric vehicles is a finalist for the 2016 r and d 100 award. 12 of september nsf grant to help archaeologist with drone fieldwork in armenia a purdue university archaeologist is studying how communities formed and thrived more than 3,000 years ago in northwestern armenia, thanks to a grant from the national science foundation. see all news research at purdue @research_purdue 11h retweeted from @purdueunivnews .@purdueengineers & @toyota recognized for cool research @research_purdue @nsf https://t.co/5aaukdvbhr https://t.co/vzmdaypagt research at purdue @research_purdue 1d the @discoveryparkpu open house & convergence conference is just 2 weeks away! join us on september 23. #dpconverge https://t.co/hhm8bpuuqf follow @research_purdue on twitter communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction information shop calendar libraries information technology tuition calculator center for healthy living people human resources speak up diversity and inclusion ethics and compliance public safety timely warnings purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, 765-494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | integrity statement | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.alumni resources and giving - purdue university <iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-ms2rth" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency menu home admissions academics inclusion arts and ideas research alumni athletics about alumni once a boilermaker, always a boilermaker. we're glad you're a part of the purdue family. your time, talent and support make a real difference in the lives of our students and the entire university. purdue directory job resources transcript requests events big ten sports convocations presidential lecture series board of trustees career center for career opportunities counseling networking continuing education giving general giving giving clubs planned giving matching gifts alumni association membership membership benefits alumni clubs alumni events purdue alumni @purduealumni 2h as baby boomers clean, many discover that millennials aren't interested in the hand-me-downs https://t.co/1l4zj2lhsc https://t.co/wuxzdqo6jh purdue alumni @purduealumni 3h good luck to all the @lifeatpurdue students who came to the @pasepurdue networking reception! #hailpurdue https://t.co/spp0daaqop follow @purduealumni on twitter alumni events 13 of september pase networking dinner 12:00 am-12:00 am 13 of september pase networking dinner 2016 - alumni 5:30 pm-8:00 pm communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction information shop calendar libraries information technology tuition calculator center for healthy living people human resources speak up diversity and inclusion ethics and compliance public safety timely warnings purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, 765-494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | integrity statement | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.college athletics and recreational sports - purdue university <iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-ms2rth" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency menu home admissions academics inclusion arts and ideas research alumni athletics about athletics boiler up! whether you live for life on the sidelines, want to join an intramural team or have already played for thousands of cheering fans, find your perfect way to stay connected with boilermaker athletics. purdue sport camps rec sports intramurals boiler up intercollegiate athletics john purdue club purdue fan gear ticket info purdue pete appearances competitions and fun club sports golf courses tennis center aquatics center fun for all bass fishing juggling and unicycling dance student organizations health and wellness running trails fitness programs wellness programs student health center purdue athletics @purduesports 23m retweeted from @purduevb relive our 2-0 weekend right here in this behind-the-scenes look at our trip to stanford! #boilerup https://t.co/ogzuakwmmx purdue athletics @purduesports 4h the @boilerball promo schedule was released today! check out the details here: https://t.co/ofomuiuspr #boilerup https://t.co/wbwokr1v4p follow @purduesports on twitter communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction information shop calendar libraries information technology tuition calculator center for healthy living people human resources speak up diversity and inclusion ethics and compliance public safety timely warnings purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, 765-494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | integrity statement | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.about purdue's history, traditions, achievements & more - purdue university <iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-ms2rth" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency menu home admissions academics inclusion arts and ideas research alumni athletics about about purdue university history. traditions. achievements. the boilermaker story is full of milestones that have had a significant impact on our state, nation and world. see for yourself how purdue fulfills its mission. colleges and schools employment campus map administration office of the president board of trustees purdue administration faculty senate office of the provost commitment to free speech data and statistics data digest rankings audited financials (pdf) traditions history hall of innovators across indiana technical assistance program extension offices research parks purdue polytechnic statewide locations online learning regional campuses ipfw northwest news 13 of september neurotrauma research into high school football players examines how to improve helmet tech a group of researchers studying how impacts affect the brains of high school football players also are analyzing the deficiencies of conventional football helmets and coaching strategies to reduce injury. 12 of september indiana companies expand purdue pathmaker internship program purdue university senior miranda lung admits to being surprised by how much she has been learning in her internship at lafayette, indiana-based wabash national corp. see all news communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction information shop calendar libraries information technology tuition calculator center for healthy living people human resources speak up diversity and inclusion ethics and compliance public safety timely warnings purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, 765-494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | integrity statement | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.amazon@purdue - information, location, hours, and help activate free benefits hello. sign in order online, pick up today. activate free benefits your benefits secure, convenient package pickup shop millions of items. order online and pick up at our secure staffed location. get free same-day pickup free returns drop-off use our self-service return station to box up and ship back your items for free. learn more below. free textbook pickup or delivery get free one-day shipping to our staffed location, or to your door if you live in a nearby zipcode. how it works shop online shop millions of items, from everyday essentials to electronics. ship to amazon@purdue choose our krch or pmu campus location during checkout. come get it no need to wait in line. pick up your package directly from a locker. campus locations krch location address hours 1198 third street krach leadership center - room 169 west lafayette, in 47907-2109 pmu location address hours 101 n grant street west lafayette, in 47906-3527-01 have questions? how do i order my textbooks from amazon@purdue and see which books i need for my classes? first, visit purdue.amazon.com and click the activate button, then click shop free same-day items. to find textbooks for your classes: visit amazons textbooks store search for your book title (including edition) or isbn (not course name or number) look for your schools icon and class information next to the textbook in the search results or on the textbook detail pagenote: amazon receives information regarding required textbooks directly from your school on a regular basis. if you have questions about the required book for a particular class, please ask your professor or refer to your syllabus. your schools icon and class information will not appear on detail pages for kindle books. when should i order back-to-school supplies? we recommend placing your order the day before you (or your student) return to campus. can i buy amazon products at the pickup point? no, we do not have products available for purchase at our purdue memorial union (pmu) and krach leadership center (krch) locations, but you can purchase items online and have your orders shipped to amazon@purdue. youll receive free one-day shipping on textbooks and required course materials, and student and prime members will receive free same-day pickup on millions of items when shipping to amazon@purdue. can you only ship textbooks to amazon@purdue? you can ship almost any item that is sold by amazon.com or fulfilled by amazon to our purdue memorial union (pmu) and krach leadership center (krch) locations. some items may be too large for us to accommodate, but well let you know before you select your shipping address. can you only ship here if you have prime? anyone can ship their amazon orders to amazon@purdue  simply visit purdue.amazon.com and click the activate button to enable shipping to our pmu and krch locations. can i ship something to amazon@purdue for my student to pick up? yes! when you receive the email notification that your package is ready for pickup, simply forward it to your student. theyll be able to pick the package up from our self-service lockers using the link from the notification email, or they can check in at one of our kiosks using the email address associated with the account the order was placed from. does shipping to amazon@purdue cost the same as shipping to my home address? yes, but prime and student members receive free same-day pickup at amazon@purdue on millions of items. why would i ship to amazon@purdue rather than to my home or dorm? amazon@purdue offers a safe and secure location where you can pick up your package on your time  no more attempted deliveries or missing packages. plus, all students receive free one-day pickup on textbooks and other required course materials, and prime and student members receive free same-day pickup on millions of items when shipping to amazon@purdue. how do i start shipping to amazon@purdue? simply visit purdue.amazon.com and click the activate button to enable shipping to our pmu and krch locations. both locations will appear as shipping options at checkout. can i only ship here if im a purdue student? anyone can ship their amazon orders to amazon@purdue  simply visit purdue.amazon.com and click the activate button to enable shipping to our pmu and krch locations. is there a size limit to what i can ship to amazon@purdue? yes. oversized items or items that require a scheduled delivery cannot be shipped to our amazon@purdue locations, but well let you know before you select your shipping address. how do i know if an item is eligible for free same-day pickup? items that are eligible for free same-day pickup will have a "pick it up today" message below the price on amazon.com. you can also filter your amazon.com search results to show only items eligible for free same-day pickup - select the "free same-day pickup" box in the upper left corner of the search results page. free same-day pickup is available only for orders placed before 12pm. how will i know when my stuff is ready to be picked up? you will receive an email and text notification (if youve opted in to receive shipping notifications via text) when your package arrives and is ready for pickup. how do i opt in to receive shipping notifications via text? log in to your amazon account, scroll to the account settings section, and click on manage shipment updates via text to subscribe. how long will amazon@purdue hold my package once it arrives? we will hold your package for 15 days after it arrives. if you are unable to pick it up within 15 days, we will return the order free of charge and process a refund. when can i pick my package up? once youve received the notification that your package has arrived, you can pick it up any time were open. currently, our hours are 9am-9pm on weekdays and 12-6pm on weekends, though these may change during the summer and school holidays. please check purdue.amazon.com for our most current hours. where are the pickup points? amazon@purdue has locations on the purdue campus at purdue memorial union (101 n grant street, west lafayette, in 47906) and krach leadership center (1198 third street, room 169, west lafayette, in 47907). is parking available at amazon@purdue? at our purdue memorial union (pmu) location, there is a parking garage across the street with parking available on the upper floors at a rate of $1 for 15 minutes. there is limited parking available near our krach leadership center (krch) location. students with an a parking pass may park in the lot across the street; there is also metered parking available on the side streets near krch. can i return amazon orders here? yes, we can accept returns of items that were sold by amazon.com or fulfilled by amazon with pre-paid return labels. if you need a box or tape, we will be happy to provide them. we can also print your return label for you. we can also accept returns of textbooks rented from amazon. can i return anything here? no. we only accept amazon returns with pre-paid mailing labels. if i have prime, can my student use my account? yes, you can share your prime benefits with your student. we also offer student prime accounts to anyone with an active email address ending in .edu. student prime members receive 6 months of shipping benefits for free, after which an annual subscription costs $49. who should i contact if i have more questions? if you have questions that are not answered here, please stop by our pmu or krch locations, or contact customer support team at 1-888-280-3321. activate your purdue benefits. activate free benefits conditions of use | privacy notice © 2016 amazon.com, inc. or its affiliatespurdue campus map - west lafayette campus map features printable map purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, 765-494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | integrity statement | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.blackboard learn skip to main content quick links loading find info for find info for acadamics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency blackboard learn change text size high contrast setting system announcements log in options for blackboard learn purdue career account log in with your purdue career account log in with another account < back log in with another account please enable javascript in your browser for the blackboard application to function. have an account? please enter your credentials and click the login button below. username: password: have questions? we're here to help. please send us your comments and questions using the email address of your campus. west lafayette itap@purdue.edu northwest csc@pnw.edu communication employee portal blackboard purdue today hello 365 faq outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction information shop calendar libraries information technology tuition calculator center for healthy living people human resources speak up diversity and inclusion ethics and compliance public safety timely warnings purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-4600 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by itap trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact itap at itap@purdue.edu.purdue web authentication you have asked to login to: https://wl.mypurdue.purdue.edu/c/portal/login log in using your purdue career account login: password: to access the page you are requesting, a valid purdue university career account username and password must be provided. forgot your password? note: unauthorized access or misuse of computer resources or disclosure of sensitive information may result in disciplinary or legal action. read purdue's acceptable use policy. for security reasons, please logout and close your web browser once you have finished your session. send inquiries or comments to itap@purdue.edu purdue university, west lafayette, in 47907 usa, (765) 494-4600 © 2015 purdue university. an equal access, equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact the csc at itap@purdue.edu or (765) 494-4000.2016-2017 academic calendar - office of the registrar - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency office of the registrar menu home faculty & staff faculty & staff reports reports reporting and cognos information validated reports list advisors advisors advisor training overrides qas for initial course participation reporting record retention recommendations grading & courses grade submission dates grades and grade reports initial course participation instructions grade questions and answers grading systems final grade submission scheduling event scheduling information event scheduling training event and classroom contacts class scheduling evening and final exam scheduling event scheduling scheduling faqs event scheduling policies student scheduling assistant classroom courtesy guidelines signature authority verification newsletter calendars registration calendars 2016-2017 academic calendar 2017-2018 academic calendar 2018-2019 academic calendar 2019-2020 academic calendar polytechnic statewide calendars polytechnic statewide calendars commencement ferpa a quick reference guide to understanding and applying ferpa ferpa basics for staff information for students & parents at purdue university certification statuses via mypurdue ferpa certification notification of rights under the family educational rights and privacy act university's access to student education records ferpa annual notification of student rights forms forms and documents form 40 - introduction page core transfer library instructions for course additions, expirations, or revision schedule type classifications paper forms request current students current students scheduling mypurdue plan mypurdueplan curriculum contacts issue log mypurdueplan training calendar degree mapping residency residency classification guidelines faq military residency information for students academic status add or drop courses change of curricula enrollment certifications enrollment certification form holds mypurdue proxy personal directory information registration add errors registration information transcripts transcript quick reference guide voter registration textbooks textbooks textbook coordinators list amazon adoption tool user guide contact registrar contacts academic and classroom scheduling contacts academic operational support contacts academic services contacts executive and departmental support contacts ferpa and residency contacts records, registration and graduation contacts curriculum and course news history of acalog and curriculog curriculog project timeline training and presentations curriculog - curriculum management system course, curriculum and catalog management system teams calendars 2016-2017 academic calendar click here for a pdf version of this calendar. august 22 7:30 a.m. fall semester classes begin mon 29 5 p.m. last day to register without a late fee mon september 5 last day to cancel a course assignment without it appearing on record mon 5 labor day (no classes) mon 19 5 p.m. last day to withdraw a course with a grade of w or to add/modify a course with instructor and advisor signature mon october 3 5 p.m. last day for grade correction for spring semester 2015-16 and 2016 summer session mon 10-11 october break mon-tues 19 7:30 a.m. second eight-week courses begin wed 26 5 p.m. last day to withdraw from a course with a w or wf grade wed 26 5 p.m. last day to add/modify a course with instructor, advisor, and department head signatures wed november 23-26 thanksgiving vacation wed-sat december 10 12:20 p.m. classes end sat 12-17 8 a.m. final exams mon-sat 17 9 p.m. semester ends  sat 17 5 p.m. deadline for pending fall 2015 incomplete grades to become failing grades sat 18 9:30 a.m. commencement (first division) sun 18 2:30 p.m. commencement (second division) sun 20 5 p.m. grades due tues january 9 7:30 a.m. spring semester classes begin mon 16 martin luther king jr. day (no classes) mon 17 5 p.m. last day to register without a late fee tues 23 last day to cancel a course assignment without it appearing on record mon february 6 5 p.m. last day to withdraw a course with a grade of w or to add/modify a course with instructor and advisor signature mon 20 5 p.m. last day for grade correction for fall semester 2016 mon march 6 7:30 a.m. second eight-week courses begin mon 10 5 p.m. last day to withdraw from a course with a w or wf grade fri 10 5 p.m. last day to add/modify a course with instructor, advisor, and department head signatures fri 13-18 spring vacation mon-sat april 29 12:20 p.m. classes end sat may 1-6 8 a.m. final exams mon-sat 6 semester ends sat 6 5 p.m. deadline for pending spring 2016 incomplete grades to become failing grades sat 9 5 p.m. grades due tues 12 3 p.m. commencement (first division) fri 12 8 p.m. commencement (second division) fri 13 9:30 a.m. commencement (third division) sat 13 2:30 p.m. commencement (fourth division) sat 14 9:30 a.m. commencement (fifth division) sun 14 2:30 p.m. commencement (sixth division) sun 15 7:30 a.m. first 8-week summer module begins mon 15 7:30 a.m. 12-week full summer module begins mon 15 7:30 a.m. first 4-week summer module begins mon 29 memorial day (no classes) mon june 9 5:30 p.m. first 4-week summer module ends (grades due by 5 p.m. of the second working day after the end of this module) fri 12 7:30 a.m. second 8-week summer module begins mon 12 7:30 a.m. second 4-week summer module begins mon july 4 independence holiday observed (no classes) tues 7 5:30 p.m. first 8-week summer module ends (grades due by 5 p.m. of the second working day after the end of the module) fri 7 5:30 p.m. second 4-week summer module ends (grades due by 5 p.m. of the second working day after the end of the module) fri 10 7:30 a.m. third 4-week summer module begins mon august 4 5:30 p.m. 12-week full summer module ends (grades due by 5 p.m. of the second working day after the end of the module) fri 4 5:30 p.m. second 8-week summer module ends (grades due by 5 p.m. of the second working day after the end of the module) fri 4 5:30 p.m. third 4-week summer module ends (grades due by 5 p.m. of the second working day after the end of the module) fri 5 9:30 a.m. commencement  sat registration calendars 2016-2017 academic calendar 2017-2018 academic calendar 2018-2019 academic calendar 2019-2020 academic calendar polytechnic statewide calendars polytechnic statewide calendars communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction services dean of students university regulations student affairs withdrawal vision and mission other shop clery reporting act tuition calculator ethics & compliance speak up purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-4600 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by office of registrar need accessibility help? for help with this page, contact office of the registrar at registrar@purdue.edu.home page emergency student health services   menu after hours care appointments caps medical services wellness insurance hipaa contact for medical or counseling emergencies call 9-1-1! hours fall hours monday–friday 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. extended care saturday 10:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m. after hours care new student letter insurance for international students insurance for domestic students insurance for graduate student staff state immunization requirements healthy boiler who we are and what we do welcome to push! our staff of board-certified physicians and nurse practitioners provide student-oriented primary care as well as ongoing care for chronic conditions. our single-minded focus of protecting your health and wellness allows you to focus on your educational and personal goals. please visit medical services to see everything we have to offer. news new student forms july 12, 2016 welcome, new students! immunization history forms are due before september 30, 2016, and can be found at the link below. more information   announcements get yourself tested august 19, 2016 we will once again be hosting 2 free std testing events this school year. the dates for this year's gyt events are october 20, 2016 and march 23, 2017. advance directives july 8, 2016 an advance directive is a legal document that specifies who you would like to make healthcare decisions for you in the event that you are unable to make decisions on your own. find out more about advance directives at the link below. learn more push does not provide workers compensation care july 8, 2016 push is not a designated workers compensation medical facility. if you are a student employee injured on the job, please follow your employer's policy regarding care. billing statements now available online july 8, 2016 billing statements are now available online for up to 12 months from the date of service. click the link below for access. visit website sports physicals june 30, 2016 beginning july 5 there will be a $74.00 - $84.00 charge for sports physicals. employee portal blackboard purdue today mymail outlook mypurdue faculty and staff ais physical facilities directory campus map construction human resources speak up diversity & inclusion ethics & compliance public safety timely warnings shop calendar libraries information technology tuition calculator center for healthy living purdue university student health center, 601 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1700 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by student health services if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact purdue university student health services at shc@purdue.edu.purdue university undergraduate admissions quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links request info visit apply application status accept your offer undergraduate admissions menu home applying applying to purdue deadlines & dates check your application status admissions documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates maximizing scholarship consideration fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and culture athletics building community clubs and activities visit purdue visit purdue travel and lodging admitted students are you ready to be a boilermaker? request info visit apply now visit purdue freshman admission criteria deadlines & dates majors transfer to purdue tuition & fees student career outcomes student life high school students transfer students international students admitted students graduate students request info high school students get up and let's go! it's time. your future. you own it. make it happen. applications go live august 1 apply now be sure and complete your application to purdue by november 1. that's our firm, etched-in-stone deadline for you to be considered for merit scholarships and the honors college. dates & deadlines november01 application deadline for merit-based scholarships application deadline to be considered for the purdue honors college application deadline for the following majors: computer science (priority deadline) nursing (priority deadline) veterinary technology (firm deadline) january01 priority application deadline—except for the majors listed above, purdue will continue accepting applications until at least this date march01 priority deadline to file your free application for federal student aid (fafsa) may01 deadline to accept your admission offer may05 firm deadline to contract for on-campus housing priority deadline to apply for learning communitities more important dates & deadlines information » transfer students no matter what university or college you're coming from, we'd love to talk to you about how a purdue degree will fit your goals. explore our transfer student checklist to learn what it takes to transfer to purdue. criteria. closed programs. gpa requirements. it's all there. pay attention to dates and deadlines—the earlier you get your completed application in, the better. apply now dates & deadlines november01 application deadline for spring enrollment february01 application deadline for veterinary technology (vet tech students begin in the fall only) march01 priority deadline to file your free application for federal student aid (fafsa) april01 application deadline for summer enrollment may01 application deadline for fall enrollment for computer science and nursing (nursing students begin in the fall only) july01 application deadline for fall enrollment more important dates & deadlines information » international students* purdue is at the top of the list for higher education destinations for international students. it’s the diversity of our campus that fuels a culture designed to ignite ideas, inspire innovation—and powers everything we do. makes us a better university for everyone, including you. learn more admission requirements for undergraduate international students pre-arrival information for admitted international students *foreign citizens who require a visa to study in the united states apply now contact information international students and scholars 765-494-5770 iss@purdue.edu admitted students neil armstrong stood here. so did amelia earhart and drew brees. now it's your turn. make it real. take your next steps. dates & deadlines march01 priority deadline to file your free application for federal student aid (fafsa) may01 deadline to accept your admission offer may05 firm deadline to contract for on-campus housing priority deadline to apply for learning communities more important dates & deadlines information » graduate students go further ready to take your education to the next level? with more than 80 graduate programs at the west lafayette campus you’ll connect with a leadership-orientated and globally focused community committed to academic achievement. learn more contact information the office of graduate admissions 765-494-2600 gradinfo@purdue.edu request info let us know you're interested! by letting us know you’re interested in purdue, you enable us to customize the information you receive – you’re helping us to help you. fill out an information request form and get on our mailing list so that we can provide the information you need when you need it #onlypurdue facebook on website main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families high school counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.onecampus jump to search jump to main content quick links   powered by find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency onecampus sign in sign in browse categories roles areas all areas my favorites preferences send feedback display help not ? onecampus toggle menu search submit browse categories all areas all areas multiselectable menu. filter by role: all roles selected. alert {{alert.title}} {{alert.title}} {{dismisstext}} alert! {{banneralert.title}} {{banneralertpreview.title}} close preview sign in, sign in   sign in   my favorites   preferences   send feedback   help   not ? javascript is required for this site to function. please enable javascript. {{::featuredlabel}} tasks back home back home save save cancel edit favorites edit history no tasks meet your search criteria. see more see more no tasks meet your search criteria. purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, 765-494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | integrity statement | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help. powered by rsmart  back to top close feedback. send feedback concern choose one comments email address submit cancel close preferences. preferences save cancel close become user user submit cancelblackboard learn skip to main content quick links loading find info for find info for acadamics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency blackboard learn change text size high contrast setting system announcements log in options for blackboard learn purdue career account log in with your purdue career account log in with another account < back log in with another account please enable javascript in your browser for the blackboard application to function. have an account? please enter your credentials and click the login button below. username: password: have questions? we're here to help. please send us your comments and questions using the email address of your campus. west lafayette itap@purdue.edu northwest csc@pnw.edu communication employee portal blackboard purdue today hello 365 faq outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction information shop calendar libraries information technology tuition calculator center for healthy living people human resources speak up diversity and inclusion ethics and compliance public safety timely warnings purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-4600 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by itap trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact itap at itap@purdue.edu.purdue today  - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency purdue today menu current issue campus news faculty and staff general research people events features thumbs up purdue profiles did you know? don't miss it photo galleries subscribe submit news archive about us purdue today purdue today don't miss it! purdue united way debuts epledge system during campaign kickoff construction is ongoing this fall on several facilities, projects apsac chair q and a: sam guffey overview of new purdue success collaborative set for sept. 8 sept. 8, 2016 kevin locke returns to purdue on sept. 8 see other events faculty and staff news purdue today twitter august 30, 2016 forbes: purdue's income sharing agreement solution to the student debt crisis more purdue in the news experts for media communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction info for staff purdue moves board of trustees university senate apsac cssac resources human resources center for healthy living information technology ethics & compliance campus disruptions purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, 765-494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | integrity statement | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.sign in to your account        it looks like you're on a slow connection. we've disabled some images to speed things up. we can't sign you in your browser is currently set to block javascript. you need to allow javascript to use this service. to learn how to allow javascript or to find out whether your browser supports javascript, check the online help in your web browser. © 2016 microsoft terms of use privacy & cookies we can't sign you in your browser is currently set to block cookies. you need to allow cookies to use this service. cookies are small text files stored on your computer that tell us when you're signed in. to learn how to allow cookies, check the online help in your web browser. work or school account type the email address of the account you want to sign in with. we're having trouble locating your account. which type of account do you want to use? sign in to {0} which type of account do you want to sign in with? we don't recognize this user id or password be sure to type the password for your work or school account. this doesn't look like a valid user id your user id should look like an email address, for example someone@contoso.com or someone@contoso.onmicrosoft.com. {0} isn't in our system make sure you typed your address or phone number correctly, or get a new microsoft account. this doesn't look like a valid user id your user id should look like an email address, for example someone@contoso.com or someone@contoso.onmicrosoft.com. {0} isn't in our system make sure you typed your email address correctly. it usually looks like someone@example.com or someone@example.onmicrosoft.com please enter your password. to sign in, start by entering a user id. check the email address you entered. you may have mistyped it. we couldn't find an account with that email address. enter a different email address or get a new microsoft account. you may still be signed in to some applications. close your browser to finish signing out. sign out sign out and forget forget user account looking for an account cancel redirecting password we're taking you to your organization's sign-in page. cancel keep me signed in sign in back can’t access your account? don’t have an account assigned by your work or school? sign in with a microsoft account tired of seeing this? rename your personal microsoft account. © 2016 microsoft terms of use privacy & cookiesoutlook web app to use outlook web app, browser settings must allow scripts to run. for information about how to allow scripts, consult the help for your browser. if your browser doesn't support scripts, you can download windows internet explorer for access to outlook web app. user name: password: show password sign in outlook web app please enable cookies for this web site. cookies are currently disabled by your browser. outlook web app requires that cookies be enabled. for information about how to enable cookies, see the help for your web browser. retrypurdue web authentication you have asked to login to: https://wl.mypurdue.purdue.edu/c/portal/login log in using your purdue career account login: password: to access the page you are requesting, a valid purdue university career account username and password must be provided. forgot your password? note: unauthorized access or misuse of computer resources or disclosure of sensitive information may result in disciplinary or legal action. read purdue's acceptable use policy. for security reasons, please logout and close your web browser once you have finished your session. send inquiries or comments to itap@purdue.edu purdue university, west lafayette, in 47907 usa, (765) 494-4600 © 2015 purdue university. an equal access, equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact the csc at itap@purdue.edu or (765) 494-4000.faculty and staff resources - purdue university <iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-ms2rth" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency menu home admissions academics inclusion arts and ideas research alumni athletics about faculty and staff you help move purdue and the world forward every day. you're making a difference for our students. explore the many resources available to you. benefits job listing colleges and schools health and well-being center for healthy living ismail center for health division of recreational sports employee assistance program career tools professional development policies and procedures human resources employee handbook leadership organizations a/p staff advisory committee (apsac) clerical and service staff advisory committee (cssac) university senate purdue academic advisors association (pacada) purdue university retirees association (pura) on campus disability resources communication channels bicycle information united way news 9 of september appointments, honors and activities student honors. 2 of september appointments, honors and activities student honors. see all news changing course it's fortunate for purdue students that paul ryder's early career plans took off in an unexpected direction and included a layover in krannert's executive mba program. as vice president for amazon, ryder helped the company land on campus with amazon@purdue. that's the company's first-ever staffed order and drop-off location. it's designed to save students money. but ryder also offers students something just as valuable — the perspective of an engineer whose career path transitioned into business and a position running the consumer electronics division of amazon. "i thought i had died and gone to heaven," he says. communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction information shop calendar libraries information technology tuition calculator center for healthy living people human resources speak up diversity and inclusion ethics and compliance public safety timely warnings purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, 765-494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | integrity statement | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.careers, career opportunities - purdue university <iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-ms2rth" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency menu home admissions academics inclusion arts and ideas research alumni athletics about careers there's a good reason so many companies come to purdue to recruit — our outstanding students. explore the job fairs and other opportunities that connect boilermakers with some of the world's best corporations and organizations. cco human resources student employment for students work-study choose a career create a resume find a job interview prep for employers on-campus interviews recruitment calendar general principles offer guidelines for prospective employees search openings job seeker resources benefits and advantages careers and opportunities communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction information shop calendar libraries information technology tuition calculator center for healthy living people human resources speak up diversity and inclusion ethics and compliance public safety timely warnings purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, 765-494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | integrity statement | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.welcome to physical facilities - physical facilities jump to featured news jump to main page content physical facilities search field search button purdue facebook page purdue twitter feeds purdue youtube channel purdue news rss feeds purdue iphone app physical facilities home construction notices and maps news/pf connection recent news archives for pf connection contact us unit and departmental contact information senior administration for physical facilities customer request form purdue directory asset management architectural and engineering services campus master planning and sustainability repair and rehabilitation space management buildings and grounds building deputies refuse and recycling request form capital program management bid reports consultant's handbook featured construction projects starting a project energy and utilities comprehensive energy master plan (cemp) water works consumer confidence reports wade utility plant the purdue university united way campaign is underway. the physical facilities job fair is coming soon. the iconic appearance of purdue's campus is created and maintained by buildings and grounds. welcome to physical facilities physical facilities provides a wide range of services to the purdue university community and is proud to ensure the safe operation, maintenance and development of campus. physical facilities news construction is ongoing this fall on several facilities, projects portion of south russell street closes beginning aug. 22 russell street and portion of beering drive were converted to two-way traffic today more news... we can help you with... physical facilities freehafer hall of admin. services 401 s. grant street west lafayette, in 47907-2024 (765) 494-8000 or  unit and departmental contact information physical facilities human resources physical facilities fiscal affairs communications employee training and development committees purdue university physical facilities, west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-8000 © 2013 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact physical facilities communications at pfcom@purdue.edu. feedback | contact physical facilities | style standards maintained by: physical facilities﻿ purdue directory update my directory listing update my directory listing about the purdue directory search the purdue directory advanced search search   © 2016 purdue university (v1.0.2.1) have trouble accessing this page? itap can help.purdue campus map - west lafayette campus map features printable map purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, 765-494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | integrity statement | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.physical facilities - purdue university campus construction notices and maps jump to main page content physical facilities search field search button purdue facebook page purdue twitter feeds purdue youtube channel purdue news rss feeds purdue iphone app physical facilities home construction notices and maps news/pf connection recent news archives for pf connection contact us unit and departmental contact information senior administration for physical facilities customer request form purdue directory asset management architectural and engineering services campus master planning and sustainability repair and rehabilitation space management buildings and grounds building deputies refuse and recycling request form capital program management bid reports consultant's handbook featured construction projects starting a project energy and utilities comprehensive energy master plan (cemp) water works consumer confidence reports wade utility plant home construction notices and maps construction notices and maps a resource for planned and current construction campus construction map and area information 2016 summer construction travel impact map – updated 08/24/16 for current area information, please see the city of west lafayette, indiana department of transportation and state street redevelopment project websites.  current construction notices on campus possible lane restrictions on state street sept. 14-16 increased use of campus parking garages expected sept. 13-15 section of clinic drive will be closed sept. 12-26 construction is ongoing this fall on several facilities, projects horticulture park to close through december portion of south russell street closes beginning aug. 22 russell street and portion of beering drive were converted to two-way traffic today restricted parking and access near construction site at harrison and russell renovations to electrical engineering close sidewalk and bus lane no parking along access road northwest of physics ongoing construction at northeast corner of grant and harrison streets off campus state road 26 resurfacing project underway river road travel restricted from march 2016 through may 2017 purdue emergency notifications if you’ll be on the purdue university west lafayette campus, consider signing up for emergency notifications by texting “follow purdueemergency” to 40404. twitter account holders can also follow purdueemergency to receive up-to-date information on campus emergencies that mirror what is being shared via the text alert system. to cancel the emergency notifications texts, simply text “unfollow purdueemergency” to 40404. visit the fast follow purdue emergency webpage for more information. physical facilities communications freehafer hall of admin. services 401 s. grant street west lafayette, in 47907-2024 (765) 496-0578   purdue university physical facilities, west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-8000 © 2013 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact physical facilities communications at pfcom@purdue.edu. feedback | contact physical facilities | style standards maintained by: physical facilitiespurdue apparel - purdue university gear, purdue boilermakers merchandise, clothing, shop - official purdue store top of page skip to top navigation skip to main content   home - flat rate shipping. any size order! - - a portion of proceeds benefit purdue university - my account | sign out order status gift certificates customer service purdue.edu shopping cart my cart (  0 items  )   $0.00 checkout now search for: search submit top nav purdue edu men's gear accessories blankets, bed & bath collectibles flags & banners gameday & tailgate golf & more hats home office & school jackets jerseys lawn & garden luggage & sportbags polos shoes & socks shorts & pants sweatshirts & fleece t-shirts wallets & checkbooks watches & clocks purdue edu women's apparel accessories blankets, bed & bath collectibles flags & banners gameday & tailgate golf & more hats home office & school jerseys lawn & garden luggage & sportbags polos shorts & pants skirts & dresses sweatshirts & fleece t-shirts wallets & checkbooks watches & clocks shoes & socks purdue edu kids clothing accessories blankets, bed & bath gameday & tailgate golf & more hats jackets jerseys polos shoes & socks shorts & pants skirts & dresses sweatshirts & fleece t-shirts purdue edu t-shirts long sleeved short sleeved tank tops mens women kids purdue edu hats adjustable bucket fitted flex fit headbands knit visors mens women kids purdue edu sweatshirts sweaters mens women kids purdue edu jerseys football nike game replica mens women kids purdue edu accessories belts checkbooks-wallets electronics headbands & wristbands holiday items imagine that jewelry keychains pins & buttons sunglasses ties toys & games travel watches mens women kids view all purdue edu merchandise main content purdue gear, ncaa tournament and march madness apparel from the official purdue university shop purdue gear and apparel at the official purdue university shop shop our grand selection of purdue apparel at the official purdue university store. we stock only officially licensed purdue clothing for men, women and kids boilermaker fans. the official purdue shop carries tons of boilermakers gear, including purdue university gifts for fans and alumni. get yourself all geared up for the next big game in the latest purdue merchandise. show your boilermakers pride when you cheer on purdue football, baseball and basketball teams in new purdue university attire and products from the official purdue store. sign up for great updates visit our mobile site >> visit purdue.edu account information order status my account  |  sign out view cart worry free shopping safe shopping about us privacy policy interest-based advertising terms of use customer service help shipping  and  returns call: 1-877-208-5532 information gift certificates corporate info size chart © 2016 fanatics retail group, all rights reserved. no portion of this site may be reproduced or duplicated without the express permission of fanatics retail group. - sitemap   skip to top of pagepurdue university calendar
 please enable javascript to view this content. for information on how to enable javascript, please visit <a href="http://enable-javascript.com/">this page that walks you through enabling it. loading find info for find info for current students prospective students alumni & friends business with purdue careers research quick links apply news safety shop visit give university calendar home about other calendars business services calendars college of education college of liberal arts college of pharmacy cco career event calendar college of veterinary medicine discovery park event calendar graduate school honors college calendar it services calendar krannert school of management purdue agriculture purdueboard purdue extension local events important events youth programs help category descriptions faq how to post purdue football schedule 2016 - 2017 commencement schedule winter 2016 & spring 2017 featured events more loading events... event categories official academic calendar admission arts and culture career programs college and schools continuing education interprofessional education lectures and guest speakers libraries local events prospective students rec sports registrar diversity & inclusion events important events more the annual apscac/cssac employee resource fair september 22, 2016 family weekend september 23-25, 2016 early voting october 12 & 20, 2016 winter 2016 commencement schedule spring 2017 commencement schedule homecoming events special events pharmacy chili supper october 14, 2016 psub events october 12-15, 2016 purdue bands & orchestras alumni cocktail reception october 14, 2016 contact us university calendar office stewart center, room 116 128 memorial mall west lafayette, in 47907 phone: (765) 494-7229 email calendar office forms note: right-click the link below and download the form by clicking "save..as". once downloaded open the file using acrobat or acrobat reader. activity approval form poster board request form calendar admin login university calendar admin login employees employee portal faculty directory business services (ais) campus careers contact purdue maps & directions calendar facilities services environmental health & public safety technical assistance program information technology center for healthy living other purdue merchandise tuition calculator ethics youth programs purdue university, west lafayette, in 47907 (765) 494-4600 © 2014 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact it application services at pec.support@purdue.edu. calendar admin loginhome | purdue libraries jump to navigation  hours  |   my account  |   guests can login here ask a librarian give to the libraries find search for articles books & media course reserves databases online journals repositories e-archive collections purdue e-pubs purr tools citation linker other catalogs quick references uborrow service reserve borrow and renew collaborative spaces / rooms display space equipment interlibrary loan support print, copy, scan proxy request suggest a purchase instruction course reserve request information literacy media scheduling working with us research gis services graduate information (g.r.i.p.) publishing services research data scholars grant program help contact ask a librarian database and journal access frequently asked questions librarians by subject technical support resources copyright guidance library guides by subject library guides by course off-campus access tutorials policies circulation fines & fees off-campus access public workstations visitor privileges about who we are about purdue libraries employment opportunities faculty and staff directory giving to purdue libraries organizational chart visiting contact us library hours library policies list of libraries parking, maps, directions retiree information visitor information from the dean dean's advisory council letter from the dean libraries advisory councils office of the dean university library committee know the libraries award recipients distinguished lecture series fact sheet inside strategic plans volume select a library archives & special collections aviation technology library black cultural center library earth, atmospheric and planetary sciences library hicks undergraduate library humanities, social science, and education library (hsse) life sciences library m.g. mellon library of chemistry mathematical sciences library pharmacy, nursing, and health sciences library physics library roland g. parrish library of management and economics siegesmund engineering library veterinary medical library search all books & media course reserves articles website examples: neil armstrong, engineering, etc. advanced search example: gone with the wind, the great gatsby advanced search all course name course instructor course number course department example: hist 395, hist*, smith course reserve request example: electrical engineering advanced search examples: hours, maps, study rooms browse:  catalogs   databases   online journals discover guides by subject | course tutorials quick references study study rooms equipment + media print, copy, & scan service interlibrary loan uborrow working with us about strategic plan faculty directory letter from the dean learning & information literacy scholarly communication purdue e-pubs a digital document repository including e-books, papers, reports, and more by purdue authors publishing e-archivesthe digitized archives and special collections of purdue university archives purra platform for research collaboration and data management for purdue researchers research data news & announcements purdue libraries announces 2016 parrish library case competition parrish library database of the week – ibisworld procurement reports parrish library database of the week: ibisworld (industry reports) patent basics: what every inventor should knows – thursday, sept. 15 parrish library database of the week – mergent more about the libraries| directory| employment| accessibility| legal info| site map| intranet| sharepoint| contact us| © 2016 purdue university. all rights reserved. an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact accessibility@lib.purdue.edu.information technology at purdue jump to featured news jump to other news and events information technology search field search button purdue facebook page purdue twitter feeds purdue youtube channel purdue news rss feeds purdue iphone app connections & accounts email information office 365 outlook web access vpn airlink (pal - wireless) telephone & voicemail personal web pages security change your password antivirus downloads news & alerts report a security incident teaching & learning tools services meet the team computer labs & classrooms business technology telephone & voicemail application services video and multimedia research computing accounts computation storage visualization purchase services shopping apple dell hp govconnection at&t discount software current vendor specials smartcomputing initiative help itap customer service center itap knowledge base cooperative services desktop support (csds) about the cio it policies it security academic college of agriculture college of education college of engineering college of health & human sciences college of liberal arts college of pharmacy college of science college of technology college of veterinary medicine discovery park krannert school of management libraries academic programs itap application services business office customer relations human resources infrastructure services research computing security and policy teaching & learning technologies oir governance org charts cio update news careers support itap customer service center it help desk goldanswers searchable knowledgebase computing and you at purdue it services for students purdue discounts itap negotiates special pricing on select computer hardware, software, and electronics through the itap shopping program. < /div> itap student training program need help learning a specific technology? follow itap receive information on hardware and software discounts, along with itap news. it security watch out for these common scams research computing coffee consultations every friday morning. help us improve purdue's wireless network contact us about locations where access is spotty live united pledge your donation itap headlines learn more at the itap newsroom  purdue part of expanded xsede, the nsf’s extreme science and engineering discovery environment purdue is one of 19 partner institutions awarded a $110 million, five-year national science foundation grant to build on and expand the extreme science and engineering discovery environment (xsede), which accelerates scientific discovery by lowering the barriers for researchers to use and access advanced digital resources. new forecast “fitbit for academics” app developed by itap focuses on helping students succeed forecast, the fitbit of student success, is a new app that informs students of behaviors that can have an impact on their academic success.  purdue will help drive new $15 million, five-year nsf science gateways effort purdue is a member of a collaborative team that has received a $15 million, five-year grant from the national science foundation to accelerate development and application of science gateway websites designed to speed research and make cutting-edge research tools more accessible. purdue students can now access webex for web conferencing collaborative meeting tool webex is now available for students. professor karen chang says it gives them flexibility and real-world experience. itap security analyst offers cybersecurity tips to start the semester — and maybe a winning jeopardy! question george lyle, an itap security risk analyst who will appear on jeopardy! oct. 3, recounts his trip to the jeopardy! studio and offers some tips on how students, faculty and staff can stay safe online. more itap news september workshops offer introduction to computing with unix october workshop to cover high-performance computing with purdue’s community clusters purdue increases online course offerings by 18 percent from previous academic year need tech support? itap’s help desk can assist you itap departments application services customer relations infrastructure services research computing (rcac) security and policy teaching and learning technologies popular destinations blackboard directory email qualtrics change your password software remote (dacs) lab availability antivirus downloads wi-fi options training student employment service availability itap service catalog it services for students goldanswers knowledge base office 365 outlook purdueboard blackboard writing lab libraries mypurdue employee portal directory calendars campus map information technology purdue university, west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-4600 © 2013 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact itap at itap@purdue.edu. download adobe reader to view pdf files. feedback | style standards inquiries or comments: itap@purdue.edutuition & fee rates - office of the bursar - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency office of the bursar hovde hall of administration menu home tuition/fees tuition & fee rates tuition & fee information tuition calculator tuition & fee rates calculator for 2015-2016 calculator for 2016-2017 payment guidelines refund and withdrawal policies university withdrawal procedures refund policy military tuition assistance federal title iv funds payment options payment options with instructions pay tuition now wire transfers installment plan outside awards polytechnic statewide students international students third party / sponsor billing forms contact us address and office hours who to contact office directory location mission statement faqs top faqs financial responsibility faqs 1098-t faqs step by step tutorials tuition/fees tuition calculator tuition and fee rates a purdue university student invoice is made up of various tuition & fees, which make up the total tuition for the university.  the university breaks down specific tuition costs in order to be transparent as to where specific funds are directed and how they are utilized. for a breakdown and brief explanation of the most common line item tuition charges that can be found on a student invoice click here. (all university fees are subject to change without notice.) west lafayette campus tuition and fee rate tables 2015-2016 2016-2017 tuition calculator 2015-2016 2016-2017 tuition and fee information refund/withdrawal policies financial aid estimator regional campuses calumet fort wayne north central   tuition & fee rates calculator for 2015-2016 calculator for 2016-2017 quick menu students mypurdue proxy faqs parent/guardian faculty/staff customer service survey communication employee portal blackboard purdue today hello 365 faq outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction services blackboard environmental health & public safety libraries itap center for healthy living other shop clery reporting act tuition calculator ethics & compliance speak up purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-7570 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by office of the bursar trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact office of the bursar at askbursar@purdue.edu.center for healthy living - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency center for healthy living human resources menu home staff services services cost and eligible clients schedule an appointment biometric screening form flu shots flu shots faculty and staff flu shots retiree flu shot events pediatric flu shot clinic hours and location privacy contact us human resources by area human resources home hr - benefits hr - careers hr - compensation hr - development hr - employee relations hr - tech   2016 united way campaign we're all united way people portal log on no-cost wellness primary care tier 1 lab welcome to the center for healthy living you’re at the center of all we do. our doctors, nurse practitioners and other health care professionals are dedicated to knowing you, your medical background and your needs. the center provides the preventive care services that are vital to protecting your health, and treats your illnesses and your ongoing conditions. we offer support for nutrition, stress management, physical activity and more. premise health manages the center for healthy living for purdue university. make an appointment works for me healthy boiler communication employee portal blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction services hr forms hr help employee portal itap university policies division of diversity and inclusion hr links human resources benefits careers compensation development employee relations hr data team purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-4600 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by hr communications if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact human resources at hr@purdue.edu.human resources - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency human resources menu home about quick links audience prospective employees new employees current faculty and staff managers and supervisors graduate staff retirees staff directory directory by work area vphr leadership strategic goals hrs only benefits careers compensation employee relations hr data team leadership and organizational development organizational effectiveness   2016 united way campaign we’re all united way people news events resources resources faculty staff handbook employee orientation center for healthy living office of faculty recruitment and retention bravo award hr connect newsletter hr forms human resources purdue human resources helps move the university forward with the goal of providing an unparalleled employment experience for the faculty and staff who lend their talents to purdue’s success. through career development, employee benefits, talent acquisition, employee relations, compensation and tech, employees have resources available at their fingertips to improve their lives – at work and beyond.  purdue quality of work environment initiative office of faculty recruitment and retentionhr help communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction services center for healthy living hr forms hr help employee portal faculty staff handbook university policies division of diversity and inclusion hr links human resources benefits careers compensation development employee relations hr data team purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by hr communications trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact hr communications at hrcomm@purdue.edu.purdue university - hotline   purdue university purdue hotline   home process local reporting options faq internal audit office   to report a concern, click here, or call toll-free 1-866-818-2620 report 24 hours a day 7 days a week purdue across indiana   welcome to purdue university’s enterprise-wide hotline (hotline)   if you see or suspect unethical or illegal behavior, you may report your concerns anonymously via purdue university’s enterprise-wide hotline. reports may be submitted for purdue university, purdue northwest (calumet and north central campuses), indiana-university-purdue university fort wayne (ipfw), purdue polytechnic statewide locations, purdue extension, purdue agriculture, intercollegiate athletics, and all other purdue sites. purdue university remains committed to providing an environment where individuals may report, in a simple anonymous way, suspected fraud, waste, issues of academic integrity or scholastic misconduct, or misuse of university assets, as well as, regulatory noncompliance. after your report is received, it will be provided to designated university personnel for appropriate action. reports will be handled promptly and discreetly; however, sufficient and detailed information is necessary to conduct a thorough investigation. individuals may choose to identify themselves and will not suffer any retaliatory action for reporting or inquiring in good faith effort. retaliation against any individual for making a good faith disclosure will not be tolerated. for information, please visit the protection against reprisal for good faith disclosures (whistleblower protection) http://www.purdue.edu/policies/ethics/iiia4.html. the internal audit office is responsible for the oversight of purdue’s hotline. please contact the iadirector@purdue.edu if you have any questions.   this is not a 911 or emergency service   for emergency assistance, call 911     feedback | e-mail webmaster maintained by: purdue marketing and media purdue university, west lafayette, in 47907 (765) 494-4600, e-mail: marketing@purdue.edu © 2010 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact purdue marketing and media at marketing@purdue.edu.diversity and inclusion - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency diversity and inclusion menu home office of the provost about us about what we do by the numbers departments contact us provost events diversity initiatives the black male excellence network (bmen) boilermentor program college and school programs indiana black expo resources resources for faculty resources for staff resources for students vpdi funding request religious, ethnic and civic observances calendar request a speech meet the new lcc director meet the new aaarcc director events news twitter   tweets from the division of diversity & inclusion follow pudiversity on twitter. are you ready to accept the challenge? gandhi's very familiar quote, "be the change you want to see," is a clarion call for campus action. we are providing numerous opportunities for all community members to learn more about those who are different from themselves. we must commit to learning more about diverse issues. “improving diversity and inclusion at purdue is one of my highest priorities. it’s a cause that will enhance the academic and research experience for everyone on campus and is worthy of our very best efforts.” -provost deba dutta dta program initiativesdiversity program guide report hate and biasdiversity spotlight communication employee portal blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction other departments diversity resource office cultural centers asian american and asian resource and cultural center black cultural center latino cultural center lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer center native american educational and cultural center purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-4600 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by diversity and inclusion if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact diversity and inclusion at diversity@purdue.edu.vice president for ethics and compliance - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency vice president for ethics and compliance menu home policies university policies procedures and supplemental documents search and screen search and screen overview procedure manuals faculty openings forms planning the interview day applicant notice employee retention guide permanent residency process for international faculty hires the nuts and bolts of faculty search and screen education and training advanced ada workshops campus security authority training child sexual abuse: prevention and response graduate student ea/eo harassment and discrimination: prevention and response risk management initiative the nuts and bolts of faculty search and screen resources forms faqs conflicts of commitment and reportable outside activities gifts, gratuities and recognition individual financial conflicts of interest programs involving minors amorous relationships and nepotism directory of compliance contacts general resources title ix news archive news archive 2016 news archive 2015 news archive 2014 news archive 2013 news archive 2012 news archive 2011 news archive 2010 news archive 2009 news archive 2008 news archives 2007 reporting speak up whistleblower notice clery act compliance guide clery act compliance guide about campus security authorities (csas) responsibilities of a csa clery reportable crimes clery crimes defined csa crime reporting clery crime reporting forms west lafayette campus resources calumet campus resources fort wayne campus resources north central campus resources sexual assault awareness office of institutional equity speak up whistleblower hotline conflicts university policies welcome our mission: to support purdue university in fulfilling its mission and commitments to the highest standards of ethics and integrity and to the principles of equal access and equal opportunity. to that end, we work cooperatively with stakeholders to: promote and enhance a climate that ensures equal access and equal opportunity for all members of the university community and participants in its activities and services. promote and enhance a culture of ethical behavior and compliance with applicable policies, laws and regulations. reduce liabilities and losses associated with failures to comply with applicable laws and regulations. our vision: to serve as a model to other institutions of higher education of ensuring equal access and equal opportunity and in implementing an effective ethics and compliance program. stafftitle ixwalk the talkaffirmative action communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction services blackboard environmental health & public safety libraries itap center for healthy living other shop clery reporting act tuition calculator ethics & compliance speak up purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-4600 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by office of the vice president for ethics and compliance trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact office of ethics and compliance at vpec@purdue.edu.purdue university - environmental health and public safety loading environmental health and public safety ehps home police department fire department radiological and environmental management emergency preparedness fire protection and special services environmental regulatory compliance environmental health and public safety this web site is your resource for up to date information about preparedness, safety, and security.  we are your police and fire department on campus, and we are the rem teams that help train you to keep you safe and in compliance with the many rules and regulations that govern a large research campus. we offer a wide variety of training programs, from fire prevention to alcohol awareness to choosing the proper personal protective equipment.  click on one of the departments below, or send us a note at ehps@purdue.edu to request training tailored to your departmental needs.   sign up for the new @purdueemergency twitter feed by texting "follow purdueemergency" to 40404.  public safety      safety, compliance, and environmental health enhancements to public safety: emergency alert beacons:  there are 30 beacons in large classrooms on campus. these beacons have lights and an alarm, which will activate in the event of an emergency. there is also a screen on these boxes that display the same purdue alert message that the police department sends via text message to campus subscribers.  a short operational video can be found here.  procedures to request the purchase and installation of an alert beacon are located here. door locks:  inside locking mechanisms have been installed in nearly all campus classrooms. twitter: purdue’s emergency twitter account (@purdueemergency) is integrated with the purdue alert text message, so parents, vendors and contractors, as well as the general public, can receive the emergency messages sent to campus subscribers. if you do not have a twitter account, you can still receive these messages from your mobile phone using twitter’s “fast follow” feature.  sign up instructions can be found here. digital signs: over 120 digital signs around campus will display the same purdue alert message that the police department sends via text message to campus subscribers. desktop pop-up alerts: university-owned desktop computers in classrooms and computer labs have the capability to display pop-up windows with the purdue alert message. over 20,000 campus computers receive these messages.    a short operational video can be found here. all-hazard awareness training: the emergency preparedness and planning office continues to offer training sessions.  sign up instructions can be found here. the training sessions are also online, via blackboard and webcert. emergency call center: as part of purdue’s crisis communication plan purdue has engaged an outside vendor to assist with calls to campus after a level 1 emergency. if activated, this call center will be available 24/7 to accept and provide information. this call center has the ability to take inbound calls and to make outbound calls regarding information about an incident on campus. translation is available for 140 languages and operators are trained mental health professionals. visit the emergency preparedness and planning office page for additional information. campus safety contacts if you see something, say something. purdue police www.purdue.edu/ehps/police phone: (765) 494-8221 purdue fire www.purdue.edu/ehps/fire phone: (765) 494-6919 fire protection engineering and special services www.purdue.edu/ehps/fireprotection phone: (765) 494-1424 radiological & environmental management www.purdue.edu/ehps/rem phone: (765) 494-6371 environmental health & safety regulatory compliance www.purdue.edu/ehps/erc robin mills ridgway, ph.d., pe phone: (765) 496-6405 email: rmridgway@purdue.edu campus emergency preparedness & planning office www.purdue.edu/ehps/emergency_ preparedness phone: (765) 494-0446 to report a safety concern email: ehps@purdue.edu text message sign-up sign up for emergency text messages at www.purdue.edu/securepurdue carol shelby, senior director phone: (765) 494-7504 email: cshelby@purdue.edu do you want to recognize one of our staff for a job well done?  nominate the staff member(s) for a bravo award here! ehps organizational charts purdue university, west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-4600 © 2014 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact purdue marketing and media at marketing@purdue.edu.timely warning information - timely warnings - purdue university loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency timely warnings home incidents september reported case of robbery - september 2, 2016 reported case of sexual assault - septmeber 7, 2016 reported case of stalking- september 9, 2016 reported case of dating violence- september 13, 2016 august reported case of stalking-august 1, 2016 reported case of rape - august 15, 2016 reported case of sexual assault - august 28, 2016 reported case of stalking - august 22, 2016 reported case of stalking - august 24, 2016 reported case of rape- august 24, 2016 july reported case dating violence- july 13, 2016 reported case of sexual assault - july 13, 2016 june reported case of sexual assault -june 6, 2016 reported case of threats-june 10, 2016 reported case of rape - june 17, 2016 reported case of sexual assault - june 19, 2016 may reported case of sexual assault - may 11, 2016 reported case of rape- may 3, 2016 reported case of stalking- may 17, 2016 reported case of sexual assault - may 31, 2016 april reported case of sexual assault - april 5, 2016 reported case of sex offense - april 5, 2016 reported case of sexual assault - april 5, 2016 reported case of sexual assault - april 8, 2016 reported case of sexual assault - april 8, 2016 reported case of sexual assault - april 13, 2016 reported case of stalking- april 11,2016 reported wlpd case of robbery - april 20, 2016 reported case of burglary - april 10, 2016 reported case of stalking - april 15, 2016 reported case of sexual assault - april 15, 2016 reported case of attempted robbery - april 19, 2016 reported case of burglary - april 26, 2016 reported case of residential entry - april 26, 2016 reported case of rape- may 21, 2016 march reported case of burglary - march 30, 2016 reported case of stalking- april 6, 2016 february reported case of burglary - february 13, 2016 reported case of domestic battery - february 25, 2016 january reported case of sexual assault - january 12, 2016 reported case of burglary - january 5, 2016 reported case of sexual assault -january 13,2016 reported incident of rape - january 17, 2015 reported case of burglary - january 20, 2016 reported case of sexual assault- january 22, 2016 reported cases of vandalism-jan 24, 2016 reported case of sexual assault - january 25, 2016 december reported case of sexual assault - december 8, 2015 reported case of sexual assault - december 21, 2015 reported case of sexual assault-december 8, 2015 reported case of rape - december 9, 2015 reported case of arson - december 12, 2015 reported case of aggravated assault - december 13, 2015 november reported case of auto theft - november 8, 2015 reported case of aggravated assault - november 12, 2015 reported case of aggravated assault-november 12,2015 reported case of burglary - november 16, 2015 reported case of sexual assault - november 19, 2015 reported case of robbery - november 20, 2015 october reported case of burglary - october 7, 2015 reported case of sexual assault - october 14, 2015 reported case of burglary - october 15 2015 reported case of sexual assault - october 19, 2015 reported case of burglary- october 21, 2015 reported case of rape - october 24, 2015 reported case of sexual assault - october 31, 2015 reported case of sexual assault- november 2, 2015 prevention information arson prevention tips assault prevention tips burglary prevention tips robbery prevention tips motor vehicle theft prevention tips sexual assault prevention tips ﻿ purdue timely warnings events these timely warning messages are part of purdue university's commitment to provide campus-area crime information in compliance with the federal jeanne clery disclosure of campus security policy and campus crime statistics act or, clery act, as it is commonly known. reported case of dating violence- september 13, 2016 reported case of stalking- september 9, 2016 reported case of sexual assault - septmeber 7, 2016 reported case of robbery - september 2, 2016 reported case of sexual assault - august 28, 2016 reported case of rape- august 24, 2016 reported case of stalking - august 24, 2016 reported case of stalking - august 22, 2016 reported case of rape - august 15, 2016 reported case of stalking-august 1, 2016 reported case of sexual assault - july 13, 2016 reported case dating violence- july 13, 2016 reported case of sexual assault - june 19, 2016 reported case of rape - june 17, 2016 reported case of threats-june 10, 2016 reported case of sexual assault -june 6, 2016 reported case of sexual assault - may 31, 2016 reported case of rape- may 21, 2016 reported case of stalking- may 17, 2016 reported case of sexual assault - may 11, 2016 reported case of rape- may 3, 2016 reported case of burglary - april 26, 2016 reported case of residential entry - april 26, 2016 reported wlpd case of robbery - april 20, 2016 safety contacts emergencies call 911 - police and fire purdue police www.purdue.edu/police/ phone: 765-494-8221 purdue fire www.purdue.edu/fire/ phone: 765-494-6919 emergency preparedness www.purdue.edu/emergency_preparedness/ to report a safety hazard: ehps@purdue.edu phone: 765-494-0446 environmental health and public safety www.purdue.edu/ehps carol shelby, senior director (765) 494-7504 cshelby@purdue.edu purdue radiological and environmental management www.purdue.edu/rem/ phone: 765-494-6371 emergency notifications sign up for or modify text messaging communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction information shop calendar libraries information technology tuition calculator center for healthy living people human resources speak up diversity & inclusion ethics & compliance public safety timely warnings purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-4600 2015-16 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by purdue police department if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact the purdue police department at police@purdue.edu.security check required facebook email or phone password forgot account? sign up security check please enter the text below can't read the text above? try another text or an audio captcha text in the box: what's this? security checkthis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.submit english (us) español français (france) 中文(简体) العربية português (brasil) italiano 한국어 deutsch हिन्दी 日本語 sign up log in messenger facebook lite mobile find friends badges people pages places games locations celebrities groups moments about create ad create page developers careers privacy cookies ad choices terms help settings activity log facebook © 2016purdue university (@lifeatpurdue) | twitter home moments search query search twitter saved searches remove verified account @ suggested users verified account @ verified account @ language: english bahasa indonesia bahasa melayu català čeština dansk deutsch english uk español filipino français hrvatski italiano magyar nederlands norsk polski português română slovenčina suomi svenska tiếng việt türkçe ελληνικά български език русский српски українська мова עִבְרִית العربية فارسی मराठी हिन्दी বাংলা ગુજરાતી தமிழ் ಕನ್ನಡ ภาษาไทย 한국어 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 have an account? log in have an account? remember me · forgot password? new to twitter? sign up purdue university verified account @lifeatpurdue tweets 22.8k following 14.2k followers 70k likes 5,450 lists 7   more likes lists unmute @lifeatpurdue mute @lifeatpurdue follow following unfollow blocked unblock pending cancel purdue universityverified account @lifeatpurdue the official twitter account of purdue university, home of the boilermakers! disclaimer: https://t.co/2rfnrrgzkd west lafayette, ind. purdue.edu joined september 2008 2,552 photos and videos photos and videos tweets tweets tweets & replies media @lifeatpurdue is blocked are you sure you want to view these tweets? viewing tweets won't unblock @lifeatpurdue. view tweets close purdue university followed purdue university ‏ @lifeatpurdue 1h1 hour ago mt @reppurdue: learn how to be a brand champion & #buylicensed! http://bit.ly/2c3uyyf  https://youtu.be/ftqe9fklfjm pic.twitter.com/roydqp0por 0 retweets 1 like reply retweet retweeted like 1 liked 1 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue university ‏ @lifeatpurdue 3h3 hours ago purdue university retweeted federal student aid rt @mymoneypurdue: one of the more common #financialaid questions that comes along! #fafsahttps://twitter.com/fafsa/status/775630116886089728 … purdue university added, federal student aid @fafsa parents divorced? got a stepparent? knowing which parent(s) to list on your fafsa can be tricky. this can help. pic.twitter.com/oyw4caocao 4 retweets 2 likes reply retweet 4 retweeted 4 like 2 liked 2 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue university ‏ @lifeatpurdue 7h7 hours ago purdue university retweeted steve birky rt @purduealumni: looks like he's off to a great start! #hailpurduehttps://twitter.com/sbirky1/status/774005119906177025 … purdue university added, steve birky @sbirky1 bryce birky wants to be purdue pete just like dad when he grows up! @purduesports @purduealumni @goldandblackcom pic.twitter.com/lnvebgsxbg 1 retweet 11 likes reply retweet 1 retweeted 1 like 11 liked 11 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue university retweeted the nic ‏ @nicfraternity 9h9 hours ago . @alphatauomega at @lifeatpurdue started off the year with community service! the group helped habitat for humanity.pic.twitter.com/xuz0tnv9gj 2 retweets 13 likes reply retweet 2 retweeted 2 like 13 liked 13 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue university ‏ @lifeatpurdue 9h9 hours ago rt @purdueengineers: ~300 companies are recruiting @lifeatpurdue boilermakers right now at the industrial roundtablepic.twitter.com/iz82y9t06f 9 retweets 33 likes reply retweet 9 retweeted 9 like 33 liked 33 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue university ‏ @lifeatpurdue 10h10 hours ago follow us on instagram at lifeatpurdue to see all of the cool booths at the industrial roundtable today! 1 retweet 13 likes reply retweet 1 retweeted 1 like 13 liked 13 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue university ‏ @lifeatpurdue 10h10 hours ago this afternoon: co-rec users & intramural participants should use alternative parking (like mccutcheon garage) http://ow.ly/xdfn3044gaw  1 retweet 2 likes reply retweet 1 retweeted 1 like 2 liked 2 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue university ‏ @lifeatpurdue 10h10 hours ago purdue university retweeted healthy boiler rt @boilerwellness: hope you join us!https://twitter.com/healthyboiler/status/775710893325901824 … purdue university added, healthy boiler @healthyboiler free time management workshop at the corec - tuesday, september 13th at 5:30! #occupationalwellness @boilerwellness @purduerecwell 1 retweet 1 like reply retweet 1 retweeted 1 like 1 liked 1 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue university ‏ @lifeatpurdue 11h11 hours ago mt @purduesports: john wooden statue going up outside mackey arena today. will be dedicated sept. 24. #purdue pic.twitter.com/agxnxz9kjb 17 retweets 52 likes reply retweet 17 retweeted 17 like 52 liked 52 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue university ‏ @lifeatpurdue 13h13 hours ago it's industrial roundtable time! hundreds of employers will be here from 9:30-4:30 today & wednesday on memorial mall. good luck! 12 retweets 34 likes reply retweet 12 retweeted 12 like 34 liked 34 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue university ‏ @lifeatpurdue sep 12 co-rec users & intramural participants should use alternative parking (like mccutcheon garage) on tuesday afternoon http://ow.ly/g6ur3044bsx  1 retweet 3 likes reply retweet 1 retweeted 1 like 3 liked 3 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue university ‏ @lifeatpurdue sep 12 rt @ purdueunivnews: . @lifeatpurdue sees largest enrollment on record http://www.purdue.edu/newsroom/releases/2016/q3/purdue-university-sets-records-for-largest-enrollment-and-highest-graduation-rates-ever.html …pic.twitter.com/gqc4o9q6ln 8 retweets 31 likes reply retweet 8 retweeted 8 like 31 liked 31 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue university retweeted pesc ‏ @purdueesc sep 11 we are so excited for ir to begin tomorrow! download the career fair app for all important info! #pescir2016pic.twitter.com/s8pyqs9bzf 6 retweets 11 likes reply retweet 6 retweeted 6 like 11 liked 11 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue university retweeted healthy boiler ‏ @healthyboiler sep 12 build up your occupational wellness by learning how to cook! visit https://wpvappwt01.itap.purdue.edu/wbwsc/webtrac.wsc/wbsplash.html?wbp=1 … #healthyboiler #recwellpic.twitter.com/5041knl2fp 4 retweets 4 likes reply retweet 4 retweeted 4 like 4 liked 4 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue university retweeted purdue u. news ‏ @purdueunivnews sep 12 tomorrow: libertarian party u.s. presidential candidate gary johnson speaking at purdue #election2016 http://www.purdue.edu/newsroom/releases/2016/q3/libertarian-presidential-candidates-discussion-open-to-public.html … 14 retweets 18 likes reply retweet 14 retweeted 14 like 18 liked 18 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue university ‏ @lifeatpurdue sep 10 camilo vieira is part of the colombian student association to give back to his home country. http://www.purdue.edu/boilerlife/ pic.twitter.com/yv3l8q2kfh 3 retweets 10 likes reply retweet 3 retweeted 3 like 10 liked 10 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue university ‏ @lifeatpurdue sep 10 purdue university retweeted tiffany g. rt @ purduealumni: #boilerup baby!https://twitter.com/tag428/status/774637513826721792 … purdue university added, tiffany g. @tag428 our 1 week old is ready for a @boilerfootball win! @drew_garretson #boilerup @johnpurdueclub @purduealumni pic.twitter.com/3zb1vval91 1 retweet 15 likes reply retweet 1 retweeted 1 like 15 liked 15 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue university retweeted purdue athletics ‏ @purduesports sep 10 #thankyoupic.twitter.com/cknb7iw2fh 71 retweets 178 likes reply retweet 71 retweeted 71 like 178 liked 178 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue university retweeted purdue engineering ‏ @purdueengineers sep 9 we are proud to support @intorchrelay for the #indiana200 - see how @lifeatpurdue innovated the torch itself!pic.twitter.com/1eedmnpv4j 17 retweets 18 likes reply retweet 17 retweeted 17 like 18 liked 18 more copy link to tweet embed tweet embed video purdue university retweeted pu bands&orchestras ‏ @purduebands sep 10 due to inclement weather, the jazz tailgate concert at slayter hill has been canceled for this morning. @lifeatpurdue 1 retweet 2 likes reply retweet 1 retweeted 1 like 2 liked 2 more copy link to tweet embed tweet @lifeatpurdue hasn't tweeted yet. back to top ↑ loading seems to be taking a while. twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. try again or visit twitter status for more information. new to twitter? sign up now to get your own personalized timeline! sign up you may also like · refresh west lafayette, ind. © 2016 twitter about help terms privacy cookies ads info close choose a trend location dismiss close previous next close go to a person's profile saved searches remove verified account @ suggested users verified account @ verified account @ close retweet this to your followers? optional comment for retweet     saved searches remove verified account @ suggested users verified account @ verified account @ 140 retweet tweet close are you sure you want to delete this tweet? cancel delete close promote this tweet close block cancel block add a location to your tweets when you tweet with a location, twitter stores that location. you can switch location on/off before each tweet and always have the option to delete your location history. learn more turn location on not now close profile summary close your lists close create a new list list name description under 100 characters, optional privacy public · anyone can follow this list private · only you can access this list save list close this conversation includes these people close copy link to tweet the url of this tweet is below. copy it to easily share with friends. close embed this tweet embed this video add this tweet to your website by copying the code below. learn more add this video to your website by copying the code below. learn more hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. try again? include parent tweet include media preview close log in to twitter remember me · forgot password? don't have an account? sign up » close sign up for twitter not on twitter? sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen. sign up have an account? log in » close two-way (sending and receiving) short codes: country code for customers of united states 40404 (any) canada 21212 (any) united kingdom 86444 vodafone, orange, 3, o2 brazil 40404 nextel, tim haiti 40404 digicel, voila ireland 51210 vodafone, o2 india 53000 bharti airtel, videocon, reliance indonesia 89887 axis, 3, telkomsel, indosat, xl axiata italy 4880804 wind 3424486444 vodafone » see sms short codes for other countries close confirmation close   close close buy now close buy now hmm... something went wrong. please try again. next tweet from userpurdue university
 - youtube skip navigation upload sign in search purdue university videos playlists channels discussion about home trending history best of youtube music sports gaming movies tv shows news live spotlight 360° video browse channels sign in now to see your channels and recommendations! sign in youtube red watch queue queue watch queuequeue remove all disconnect loading... watch queue queue __count__/__total__ social @ purdue purdue university subscribesubscribedunsubscribe10,914 loading... loading... working... home videos playlists channels discussion about welcome to the class of 2020! 1,981 views 3 months ago we rolled out the boilermaker special to surprise william ‘colin’ mixon and makenzie bishop with their acceptance letters to purdue university! pam horne, vice provost for enrollment management, purdue pete, the purdue university cheerleaders, along with some of our purdue family helped us welcome the first two students to be admitted to the class of 2020. congratulations to colin and makenzie, we’re so excited you’re boilermakers! follow their journey on social media - #purduecolin, #purduemakenzie to learn more about purdue university visit admissions.purdue.edu and connect with us on social media. produced by jacklink productions and purdue university. show less read more featured purdue videos play all videos featuring research and life at purdue university 6:39 play next play now boiler bytes: steele johnson - duration: 6 minutes, 39 seconds. purdue university 6,945 views 2 months ago cc 2:41 play next play now welcome to the class of 2020! - duration: 2 minutes, 41 seconds. purdue university 1,981 views 3 months ago cc 3:08 play next play now purdue university center for cancer research: moonshot 2020 - duration: 3 minutes, 8 seconds. purdue university 637 views 2 months ago 8:11 play next play now boiler bytes: vomit comet - duration: 8 minutes, 11 seconds. purdue university 657 views 3 months ago cc this item has been hidden popular uploads play all 2:37 play next play now purdue rube goldberg machine claims guinness world record - duration: 2 minutes, 37 seconds. 1,003,592 views 5 years ago 15:07 play next play now aquaponics - duration: 15 minutes. 856,076 views 4 years ago 4:16 play next play now 2007 national rube goldberg contest - duration: 4 minutes, 16 seconds. 467,882 views 8 years ago cc 3:34 play next play now burger-making skills put to test at rube goldberg contest - duration: 3 minutes, 34 seconds. 439,195 views 8 years ago cc 1:56 play next play now purdue technology students build supersonic ping pong gun - duration: 116 seconds. 382,938 views 3 years ago 4:53 play next play now 'revolutionary' co2 maps zoom in on greenhouse gas sources - duration: 4 minutes, 53 seconds. 278,739 views 8 years ago cc 2:17 play next play now purdue team smashes rube goldberg world record - duration: 2 minutes, 17 seconds. 276,566 views 4 years ago 2:05 play next play now purdue team submits world record claim for rube goldberg machine - duration: 2 minutes, 5 seconds. 170,594 views 5 years ago cc 3:16 play next play now purdue spe takes first place at 2008 rube goldberg - duration: 3 minutes, 16 seconds. 129,641 views 8 years ago cc 1:44 play next play now university of wisconsin-stout wins 2010 rube goldberg contest - duration: 104 seconds. 117,627 views 6 years ago cc 1:42 play next play now compliment guys at purdue university - duration: 102 seconds. 115,632 views 7 years ago cc 1:51 play next play now guinness crowns purdue rube goldberg machine 'world's largest' - duration: 111 seconds. 99,802 views 4 years ago view 100+ more this item has been hidden uploads play all 6:24 play next play now why do we use gmos? - duration: 6 minutes, 24 seconds. 38 views 1 day ago 6:51 play next play now how do gmos affect insects? - duration: 6 minutes, 51 seconds. 26 views 1 day ago 8:50 play next play now do gmos harm health? - duration: 8 minutes, 50 seconds. 59 views 1 day ago 8:24 play next play now what are gmos? - duration: 8 minutes, 24 seconds. 65 views 1 day ago 1:34 play next play now purdue university designing a better football helmet - duration: 94 seconds. 62 views 4 days ago 1:57 play next play now purdue studies teenage footballers for brain injury - duration: 117 seconds. 38 views 4 days ago 6:28 play next play now what makes a good executive education resume? - duration: 6 minutes, 28 seconds. 64 views 5 days ago 8:42 play next play now boiler bytes: ross-ade stadium - duration: 8 minutes, 42 seconds. 77 views 6 days ago cc 0:16 play next play now 2017 hammer down gear up basketball retailer - duration: 16 seconds. 51 views 2 weeks ago 0:16 play next play now 2017 hammer down gear up football retailer - duration: 16 seconds. 53 views 2 weeks ago 0:16 play next play now 2017 hammer down gear up team store - duration: 16 seconds. 50 views 2 weeks ago 1:10 play next play now be a brand champion - duration: 70 seconds. 92 views 2 weeks ago view all this item has been hidden krannert school of management 248 videos play all play now krannert school of management - playlist purdue university updated 5 days ago 151 videos play all play now krannert mba and master's programs - playlist purdue university 12 videos play all play now krannert mentors - playlist purdue university 8 videos play all play now krannert network - playlist purdue university 12 videos play all play now krannert launching leaders - playlist purdue university 221 videos play all play now krannert undergraduate - playlist purdue university 14 videos play all play now krannert vitural tour - playlist purdue university this item has been hidden other purdue channels purduesports - channel subscribesubscribedunsubscribe purdue agriculture - channel subscribesubscribedunsubscribe health and human sciences at purdue university - channel subscribesubscribedunsubscribe owlpurdue - channel subscribesubscribedunsubscribe language: english country: worldwide restricted mode: off history help loading... loading... loading... about press copyright creators advertise developers +youtube terms privacy policy & safety send feedback try something new! loading... working... sign in to add this to watch later add to loading playlists...purdue university (@lifeatpurdue) • instagram photos and videospurdue university on pinterest log in sign up pinterest • the world’s catalog of ideas search purdue university purdue university west lafayette, ind. · www.purdue.edu the official pinterest account of purdue university, home of the boilermakers. boiler up! 31 boards 1.7k pins 5 likes 2.9k followers 203 following oh no! pinterest doesn't work unless you turn on javascript. cea9fa472992eba7228bacab563be05bpurdue university - google+ search images maps play youtube news gmail drive more » send feedback | web history | help | sign in profile home profile people collections what's hot communities events hangouts pages settings feedback help  ·  region privacy  ·  terms  ·  maps terms start a hangout purdue university verified name 6,588 followers|1,551,300 views profile verified name purdue university www.purdue.edu 6,588 followers|1,551,300 views aboutposts stream purdue universityshared publicly  -  2015-10-02   interested in grad school? students in science, technology, engineering, mathematics, and related disciplines have the chance to interact with more than 80 institutions at the big ten+ graduate school expo on oct. 4-5. purdue students can attend the grad fair on 10/5 for free (9:30am-12:00pm at pmu) or attend the full conference at a discounted rate. more details here: www.purdue.edu/gradexpo. #gradpurdue #gradexpo15﻿read moreshow less purdue university's photos 2 2 add a comment... purdue universityshared publicly  -  2015-06-24   a team of purdue researchers has created a new implantable drug-delivery system using nanowires that can be wirelessly controlled. the nanowires respond to an electromagnetic field generated by a separate device, which can be used to control the release of a preloaded drug. http://www.purdue.edu/newsroom/releases/2015/q2/nanowire-implants-offer-remote-controlled-drug-delivery.html #nanotechnology #research #paralysis﻿read moreshow less purdue university's photos 10 1 add a comment... purdue universityshared publicly  -  2015-05-14   a new +amazon.com customer order pickup and drop-off location will open on campus monday (may 18) on the main floor of purdue memorial union. http://www.purdue.edu/newsroom/releases/2015/q2/2nd-amazonpurdue-location-to-open-in-purdue-memorial-union.html﻿read moreshow less purdue university's photos 14 6 2 comments darius wright + 0 1 0 reply   i remember being excited when the burger king near ross-ade started accepting credit cards. ﻿ read moreshow less add a comment... purdue universityshared publicly  -  2015-04-30   purdue’s second annual day of giving, which ran midnight to midnight on wednesday (april 29), netted $13,695,951 from 9,592 donations — surpassing last year’s $7.5 million total and setting a record for most dollars raised for higher education through a single-day campaign.﻿read moreshow less purdue day of giving - thank you 2015 9 2 1 comment tayan mcdowell + 0 1 0 reply   omg﻿ read moreshow less add a comment... purdue universityshared publicly  -  2015-03-25   purdue, which in 1962 established the first computer science department in the northern hemisphere, has opened an archival exhibit to coincide with the release of a new book celebrating the department's history.﻿read moreshow less purdue news - book, archival exhibit feature nation's first computer science department at purdue purdue university 7 1 add a comment... purdue universityshared publicly  -  2015-02-03   amazon@purdue, amazon's first staffed customer order pickup and drop-off location, will officially open today in purdue's krach leadership center.  #purdue #amazon ﻿read moreshow less amazon makes a push on college campuses wsj.com amazon has struck deals with three large universities—purdue, umass amherst and uc davis—to operate co-branded websites selling textbooks, fan shirts, ramen noodles and most other items available on amazon.com. 13 1 add a comment... in their circles 419 people mary king rich gurney clayton patton have them in circles 6,588 people purdue universityshared publicly  -  2015-07-17   research funding at purdue university has soared to record levels, reaching $401 million for the fiscal year completed on june 30. the purdue university board of trustees received the report today (july 17), signaling 2014-15 as purdue’s best year for external research funding when arra funds are excluded from award totals. #purdue #research #highereducation  ﻿read moreshow less purdue research funding reaches record highs - purdue university purdue university 5 1 1 comment mwgaming + 0 1 0 reply   i love purdue. go boilmakers!!!!﻿ read moreshow less add a comment... purdue universityshared publicly  -  2015-06-19   purdue polytechnic indianapolis high school, an educational experience designed to provide a bridge for inner-city students and others to succeed in high school and to be admitted directly to purdue university, will open in august 2017.﻿read moreshow less purdue polytechnic high school to provide stem pipeline - purdue university purdue university purdue polytechnic indianapolis high school, an educational experience designed to provide a bridge for inner-city students and others to succeed in high school and to be admitted directly to purdue university, will open in august 2017. 3 1 add a comment... purdue universityshared publicly  -  2015-06-09   scientists have restarted the large hadron collider at cern in geneva, switzerland, and recently began to record data from particle collisions at a record-high energy. during this second phase of data collection at the large hadron collider, an international team of scientists, including purdue's particle physics group, will search for dark matter, delve into the details of the higgs particle and seek a greater understanding of our universe.﻿read moreshow less purdue university's photos 36 6 3 comments desh maharaj + 0 1 0 reply   +peter cornwell  if that could happen then i am sure that this physical phenomenon occurs many places on many galaxies and we should be seeing stars disappearing regularly. surely if we magnify this project  an hundred billion times than the physics may change somewhat. ﻿ read moreshow less add a comment... purdue universityshared publicly  -  2015-05-07   on may 8, purdue will install its eighth campus research computer, named “rice.” as before, people from the purdue community will come together to install the high performance machine in less than half a day in a modern supercomputing barn raising. http://www.purdue.edu/newsroom/releases/2015/q2/purdues-eighth-supercomputer-not-quite-minute-rice,-but-will-be-built-in-a-day.html﻿read moreshow less purdue’s eighth supercomputing wonder view 1 reply on youtube purdue universityshared publicly  -  2015-04-08   gerry mccartney, purdue university’s chief information officer, has been named one of the top cios in the nation by +computerworld. http://www.purdue.edu/newsroom/releases/2015/q2/purdues-cio-one-of-nations-premier-100.html﻿read moreshow less purdue university's photos 16 4 1 comment shane sutton + 0 1 0 reply   kjkkim khkkjk﻿ read moreshow less add a comment... purdue universityshared publicly  -  2015-03-24   purdue researchers have shown how to convert waste packing peanuts into high-performance carbon electrodes for rechargeable lithium-ion batteries that outperform conventional graphite electrodes, representing an environmentally friendly approach to reuse the waste.﻿read moreshow less purdue news - new processing technology converts packing peanuts to battery components purdue university 13 2 add a comment... moreloading... people in their circles 419 people mary king rich gurney clayton patton have them in circles 6,588 people contact information contact info phone 765-494-4600 - switchboard, 765-494-1776 - admissions story tagline we are purdue. what we make moves the world forward. introduction purdue university is a vast laboratory for discovery, known for delivering an elite education steeped in real-world experience. it’s a place for those who seek a rich learning environment grounded in science, technology, engineering and math yet driven by imagination, ingenuity and innovation.   founded in 1869 in west lafayette, indiana, the university proudly serves its state as well as the nation and the world. more than 39,000 students from all 50 states and 130 countries, along with some 850 student organizations and big ten boilermaker athletics, make for a lively environment. as a major research university, purdue has high-ranking programs in disciplines from pharmacy to business to engineering to agriculture. social media disclaimer: bit.ly/1l0htub links website www.purdue.edu youtube purdue university links purdue on facebook purdue on twitter purdue athletics apply to purdue follow us on pinterest follow us on foursquare purdue on instagramdisclaimer - purdue university <iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-ms2rth" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency menu home admissions academics inclusion arts and ideas research alumni athletics about disclaimer information in the many world wide web pages that are linked to purdue's official home pages comes from a variety of sources. some of this information comes from official purdue entities, but much of it comes from unofficial or unaffiliated organizations and individuals, both internal and external to the university. purdue university does not necessarily author, edit, or monitor these unofficial pages and therefore cannot assume responsibility for their content. all contents copyright © 2015 purdue university. all rights reserved. this is an official world wide web page of purdue university. additional information can be found at the university copyright office. communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction information shop calendar libraries information technology tuition calculator center for healthy living people human resources speak up diversity and inclusion ethics and compliance public safety timely warnings purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, 765-494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | integrity statement | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.nondiscrimination policy statement - purdue university <iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-ms2rth" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency menu home admissions academics inclusion arts and ideas research alumni athletics about nondiscrimination policy statement purdue university is committed to maintaining a community which recognizes and values the inherent worth and dignity of every person; fosters tolerance, sensitivity, understanding, and mutual respect among its members; and encourages each individual to strive to reach his or her own potential. in pursuit of its goal of academic excellence, the university seeks to develop and nurture diversity. the university believes that diversity among its many members strengthens the institution, stimulates creativity, promotes the exchange of ideas, and enriches campus life. purdue university views, evaluates, and treats all persons in any university related activity or circumstance in which they may be involved, solely as individuals on the basis of their own personal abilities, qualifications, and other relevant characteristics. purdue university prohibits discrimination against any member of the university community on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, age, national origin or ancestry, genetic information, marital status, parental status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, or status as a veteran. the university will conduct its programs, services and activities consistent with applicable federal, state and local laws, regulations and orders and in conformance with the procedures and limitations as set forth in purdue’s equal opportunity, equal access and affirmative action policy which provides specific contractual rights and remedies. additionally, the university promotes the full realization of equal employment opportunity for women, minorities, persons with disabilities and veterans through its affirmative action program. any question of interpretation regarding this nondiscrimination policy statement shall be referred to the vice president for ethics and compliance for final determination. communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction information shop calendar libraries information technology tuition calculator center for healthy living people human resources speak up diversity and inclusion ethics and compliance public safety timely warnings purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, 765-494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | integrity statement | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.statement of integrity and code of conduct - purdue university <iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-ms2rth" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency menu home admissions academics inclusion arts and ideas research alumni athletics about about statement of integrity and code of conduct preamble purdue university has a tradition of ethical conduct spanning its history. as a land-grant institution, we demonstrate our responsiveness to our constituencies and extend to them access to our knowledge resources. we nurture relationships with other partners in education who support our vision or join us to foster common interests. we integrate our mission with our responsibilities. we contribute our knowledge resources impartially in serving our public purposes. as faculty, students, staff, and administrators, we are a community of dedicated learners, scholars, professionals, and practitioners — all contributing our talents to uphold our standards, and improve ourselves and the broader community in which we live and work. our responsibilities and obligations toward the advancement of learning, discovery, and engagement in the university and in indiana extend to our nation and the world. this statement of integrity is meant to provide an overarching declaration that informs specific policies and procedures regarding conduct, enforcement, and accountability. such policies and procedures either exist in official university documents or will be developed as necessary. statement at purdue, integrity is indispensable to our mission. we act with honesty and adhere to the highest standards of moral and ethical values and principles through our personal and professional behavior. we demonstrate our understanding of these values and principles and uphold them in every action and decision. trust and trustworthiness go hand in hand with how we conduct ourselves, as we sustain a culture that is based upon ethical conduct. we expect our actions to be consistent with our words, and our words to be consistent with our intentions. we accept our responsibilities, share leadership in a democratic spirit, and subject ourselves to the highest standards of public trust. we hold ourselves accountable for our words and our actions. we champion freedom of expression. to ensure our integrity, we safeguard academic freedom, open inquiry, and debate in the best interests of education, enrichment, and our personal and professional development. we embrace human and intellectual diversity and inclusiveness. we uphold the highest standards of fairness, act as responsible citizens, respect equality and the rights of others, and treat all individuals with dignity. to fulfill our goals as a learning community, we insist that the objectives of student learning are not compromised. we treat all students equitably, and our evaluations of learning achievements are impartial based on demonstrated academic performance. as students, we understand that learning is the most important goal and we embrace ethical values and principles, and reject academic dishonesty in all our learning endeavors. in the realm of new discoveries, we place the highest value upon truth and accuracy. we acknowledge the contributions of others. we place a higher value on expanding and sharing knowledge than on recognition or ownership. we work diligently drawing from the strong work ethic of our state of indiana and are committed to always acting in the best interests of the university. we pledge to make wise use of our resources and to be good stewards of financial, capital, and human resources. we operate within the letter and spirit of the law and prescribed policies, and strive to avoid impropriety or conflict of interest. as members of the purdue community, we demonstrate unyielding and uncompromised integrity in support of the highest standards of excellence for the university. as individuals, we all contribute to this purdue standard of integrity as an exemplary model for all universities. about purdue university university leadership colleges and schools traditions history past presidents commitment to free expression integrity statement hall of innovators related links diversity & inclusion ethics & compliance title ix communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction information shop calendar libraries information technology tuition calculator center for healthy living people human resources speak up diversity and inclusion ethics and compliance public safety timely warnings purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, 765-494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | integrity statement | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.securepurdue skip to content secure purdue home services policies & practices policies standards guidelines procedures best practices policy exception procedure draft policies data classification and handling information security program committee copyright/heoa information downloads resources about help links sans training login   |   secure purdue dmca agent reporting alleged copyright infringement: in accordance with the digital millennium copyright act ("dmca"), pub. l. 105-304, purdue university has designated an agent to receive notifications of alleged copyright infringement in the purdue.edu domain. if you believe your work is being infringed, please notify our designated agent: donna l. ferullo (interim dmca agent) director, university copyright office e-mail: dmca-notices@purdue.edu u.s. mail: purdue university libraries, uco 504 west state street west lafayette, in 47907 the dmca requires that all infringement claims must be in writing and must include the following information: a physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or the person authorized to act on its behalf; a description of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed; a description of the infringing material and information reasonably sufficient to permit purdue to locate the material; your contact information, including your mailing address, telephone number and email; a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under the pains and penalties of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner. failure to include all of the above-listed information may result in a delay of the processing of your complaint. purdue will comply with the requirements of the dmca, and in accordance with purdue's acceptable use policy, the university reserves the right to terminate system access of users who repeatedly infringe on the rights of copyright owners. for more information about the u.s. copyright law, click here. purdue university shall comply with u.s. copyright law and expects all members of the university community to do so as well. purdue executive memorandum b-53, use of copyrighted materials for educational and research purposes. purdue university it resource acceptable use policy members of the university community who violate these policies may be subject to discipline through standard university procedures. in addition, any individual or department engaging in infringing activities may be subject to civil suit, criminal charges and/or penalties and fines. subject to the facts and circumstances of each case, such individuals or departments shall be solely responsible for their defense and any resulting liability. copyright copyrighted materials and compliance information reporting alleged copyright infringement university copyright office campus copyright policies legal alternatives for online music and media frequently asked questions purdue university, west lafayette, in 47907 usa, (765) 494-4600 2010 purdue university. an equal access, equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact itap at itap@purdue.edu. inquiries or comments: itap@purdue.edu pdf files can be viewed in adobe acrobat reader.marketing and media - purdue university - office of marketing and media - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency office of marketing and media menu home about us who we are leadership team join our team services our services brand and advertising design digital editorial guest relations market research photography and video social media strategy and account management trademarks and licensing faqs portfolio resources helpful resources brand guidelines and resources communicators council boiler web workshops photo shoot request filming on campus photo and video rights of use contact contact us feedback new business card template now online order business cards through ariba let's get started our work brand guidelines and resources welcome to marketing and media we are storytellers. we use a variety of channels to help your target audience understand your story — and act upon it to achieve your goals. together, we show how our university moves the world forward. together, we tell the purdue story. purdue news service give us feedback communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction services blackboard environmental health & public safety libraries itap center for healthy living other shop clery reporting act tuition calculator ethics & compliance speak up purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-4600 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of marketing and media at online@purdue.edu.disability resources - purdue university loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency disability resources home access and accommodation information employee accommodations student accommodations visitor accommodations housing accommodations dietary accommodations adaptive equipment and services parking and transportation access physical access recreational activities electronic information, communication and technology accessibility electronic information, communication and technology accessibility emergency preparedness emergency preparedness ada coordinator disability resource center employee accommodation student accommodation welcome to disability resources  purdue university is committed to making education, employment, services, programs and activities accessible. purdue university offers numerous resources to employees, students and visitors who may need additional assistance while attending, visiting and/or working for the university. the purdue community works together to remove any barriers that prevent equal opportunities to individuals who have disabilities.  campus accessibility guide communication employee portal blackboard purdue today hello 365 faq outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction services dean of students the advocacy and support center push caps sexual violence awareness  other office of institutional equity ethics & compliance  human resources public safety speak up purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-4600 2014 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by office of institutional equity if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact the office of institutional equity at equity@purdue.edu.purdue university undergraduate admissions quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links request info visit apply application status accept your offer undergraduate admissions menu home applying applying to purdue deadlines & dates check your application status admissions documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates maximizing scholarship consideration fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and culture athletics building community clubs and activities visit purdue visit purdue travel and lodging admitted students are you ready to be a boilermaker? request info visit apply now visit purdue freshman admission criteria deadlines & dates majors transfer to purdue tuition & fees student career outcomes student life high school students transfer students international students admitted students graduate students request info high school students get up and let's go! it's time. your future. you own it. make it happen. applications go live august 1 apply now be sure and complete your application to purdue by november 1. that's our firm, etched-in-stone deadline for you to be considered for merit scholarships and the honors college. dates & deadlines november01 application deadline for merit-based scholarships application deadline to be considered for the purdue honors college application deadline for the following majors: computer science (priority deadline) nursing (priority deadline) veterinary technology (firm deadline) january01 priority application deadline—except for the majors listed above, purdue will continue accepting applications until at least this date march01 priority deadline to file your free application for federal student aid (fafsa) may01 deadline to accept your admission offer may05 firm deadline to contract for on-campus housing priority deadline to apply for learning communitities more important dates & deadlines information » transfer students no matter what university or college you're coming from, we'd love to talk to you about how a purdue degree will fit your goals. explore our transfer student checklist to learn what it takes to transfer to purdue. criteria. closed programs. gpa requirements. it's all there. pay attention to dates and deadlines—the earlier you get your completed application in, the better. apply now dates & deadlines november01 application deadline for spring enrollment february01 application deadline for veterinary technology (vet tech students begin in the fall only) march01 priority deadline to file your free application for federal student aid (fafsa) april01 application deadline for summer enrollment may01 application deadline for fall enrollment for computer science and nursing (nursing students begin in the fall only) july01 application deadline for fall enrollment more important dates & deadlines information » international students* purdue is at the top of the list for higher education destinations for international students. it’s the diversity of our campus that fuels a culture designed to ignite ideas, inspire innovation—and powers everything we do. makes us a better university for everyone, including you. learn more admission requirements for undergraduate international students pre-arrival information for admitted international students *foreign citizens who require a visa to study in the united states apply now contact information international students and scholars 765-494-5770 iss@purdue.edu admitted students neil armstrong stood here. so did amelia earhart and drew brees. now it's your turn. make it real. take your next steps. dates & deadlines march01 priority deadline to file your free application for federal student aid (fafsa) may01 deadline to accept your admission offer may05 firm deadline to contract for on-campus housing priority deadline to apply for learning communities more important dates & deadlines information » graduate students go further ready to take your education to the next level? with more than 80 graduate programs at the west lafayette campus you’ll connect with a leadership-orientated and globally focused community committed to academic achievement. learn more contact information the office of graduate admissions 765-494-2600 gradinfo@purdue.edu request info let us know you're interested! by letting us know you’re interested in purdue, you enable us to customize the information you receive – you’re helping us to help you. fill out an information request form and get on our mailing list so that we can provide the information you need when you need it #onlypurdue facebook on website main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families high school counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.admitted student next steps - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply visit accept your offer request info undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines and important dates admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students admitted student next steps accept your offer admitted student campus visits on-campus housing next steps for freshman and transfer fall admits spring admits summer admits (traditional summer terms) summer start admits (invitation-only, july 11 - aug 12 session for new freshmen) next steps for special populations reentry students (returning students who are in good standing) readmission students (returning students who were previously dropped from purdue) purdue polytechnic institute statewide veterinary technology distance learning students meet marissa lorenz “as a purdue agriculture student, i am challenged each day to move the world forward. my interest in agriculture began at a young age, and with a background in showing and raising livestock animals, it was natural for me to choose purdue animal science as my collegiate path. i am passionate about animal science and the livestock industry because i believe raising healthy animals in today's world is a key stakeholder to the future of our food supply.” read more…  main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.resources for current students - purdue university <iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-ms2rth" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency menu home admissions academics inclusion arts and ideas research alumni athletics about current students you're busy. we get it. that's why we've created this section of the website just for you — no more searching around for things like blackboard, dining court menus and important course information. current information for current students. office 365 academic calendar boiler express student services push (student health) student wellness international students and scholars registrar bursar financial aid housing and food career resources cco career fairs internships co-ops student jobs campus life student organizations athletics cultural centers international programs student union board (psub) rec sports bicycle information academic graduate school research opportunities study abroad student success online writing lab supplemental instruction @lifeatpurdue instagram feed follow communication employee portal blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction information shop calendar libraries information technology tuition calculator center for healthy living people human resources speak up diversity and inclusion ethics and compliance public safety timely warnings purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, 765-494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | integrity statement | copyright complaints | maintained by marketing and media trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.parents and families of future students - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply visit accept your offer request info undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines and important dates admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates maximizing scholarship consideration fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students parents and families of future students parents and families of college-seeking students play a key role in providing guidance during their student's search. use this page to help your student navigate admission to and enrollment at purdue. parent and family connections dates and deadlines tuition and fees costs and financial aid tuition and fees freshman scholarships financial aid estimator campus life student housing learning communities visiting purdue student life admissions freshman profile admissions counselor search applying to purdue admitted students next steps academics career preparation resources for academic support faculty and courses purdue admissions @purdueadmission 1d our friends at @johndeere made quite an arrival to campus - think we can take a spin? https://t.co/tj14orbknw purdue admissions @purdueadmission 4d honors college. an indiana first - academic residential college. brightest minds. coolest floors. #officialopening https://t.co/cksxhmurkq follow @purdueadmission on twitter main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.resources for school counselors - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply visit accept your offer request info undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines & dates admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students resources for school counselors purdue is known not only for science, technology, engineering, and math, but also for our imagination, ingenuity, and innovation. stem degrees? of course. but it's also a place that prepares communication majors to be u.s. ambassadors and political science majors to become best-selling authors. help your students realize their dreams at purdue. freshman admission criteria freshman scholarships counselor events get connected get on our mailing list counselor update newsletter contact us resources upcoming counselor events graduate outcomes guidance for recommendation letters majors majors minors majors by personality type freshman freshman admission criteria freshman scholarships dates and deadlines from the vice provost the coalition application as a member of the new coalition for access, affordability, and success, purdue will now have two application options for future freshmen and transfer students. beginning august 1, students will be able to apply to purdue using either the coalition application or common application. the coalition and common applications are similar in that students can complete one application and use it to apply to multiple institutions. in addition, they both allow institutions to ask unique questions the individual institutions need for application review but which aren’t included within the standard form. read more... purdue admissions @purdueadmission 1d our friends at @johndeere made quite an arrival to campus - think we can take a spin? https://t.co/tj14orbknw purdue admissions @purdueadmission 4d honors college. an indiana first - academic residential college. brightest minds. coolest floors. #officialopening https://t.co/cksxhmurkq follow @purdueadmission on twitter main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families high school counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.get on our mailing list - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply visit accept your offer request info undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines and important dates admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates maximizing scholarship consideration fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students request information let us know you're interested thanks for your interest in purdue! when you're on our contact list, you'll be among the first we invite to campus visits, and we'll make sure you have important information about deadlines and admission requirements.  request main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.visiting purdue - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply visit accept your offer request info undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines & dates admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students visiting purdue we offer a wide variety of on- and off-campus programs to accommodate your schedule and budget. talk to students. learn more about specific majors. enjoy lunch at a student dining court. or just take a quick online tour from the comfort of your own home. daily visits virtual tour prospective student events on-campus programs daily visits admitted student events prospective student events transfer student visits group visits customize your visit orientation and registration plan your trip travel and lodging time zone driving and parking campus map campus accessibility map off-campus programs preview purdue receptions main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.apply to purdue   - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links request info visit apply application status accept your offer undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines & dates check your application status admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students apply to purdue the steps to apply to purdue are relatively simple. complete and submit an online application. pay attention to and meet application deadlines. make sure we receive all material required for your application to be complete.  apply freshman admissions criteria application essay first time freshman admission criteria deadlines freshman scholarships admissions documents advanced/transfer credit transfer students transfer student checklist (admission criteria) deadlines transfer credit admissions documents special populations non-degree returning (re-entry) returning (readmission) pathway to purdue purdue dual credit veterinary technology distance learning digital (online) education meet renee studt “i grew up a boilermaker. i dressed up as a purdue cheerleader for my first halloween, my parents used to sing "hail purdue" to me for my bedtime lullaby and some of my earliest memories include tailgating at purdue football games with my whole family.” read more… main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families high school counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.check your application status   - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links request info visit apply application status accept your offer undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines & dates check your application status admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students applying check your application status we will begin sending purdue application confirmation emails by august 26. this email will provide login credentials for your purdue application so that you can check your status.  confirming that your application is complete log in and use your application portal to see what material is required to complete your application. if a required item is not listed as received, we either we have not yet received or processed it. during the peak application season (october-january), it may take up to two weeks to process an item before it appears as received in your portal. items are recorded as the date they are received, not the date they were processed. admission decision definitions the descriptions below provide a brief definition of what each admission decision means. greater detail will be provided in the applicant’s decision letter. decision letters are viewable via the online application portal within three business days after the decision has been made. show all | hide all admit decisions offer admission: applicant has been admitted to the major he or she requested.  offer admission – alt choice: applicant who requested to be admitted to an alternate major has been offered admission to the requested program. offer admission -- summer start: applicant who was denied admission for fall and offered summer start has been admitted to the summer start program. offer conditional admit – trf: transfer applicant has been offered admission on the condition that any coursework in progress at the time of application is completed satisfactorily. deferred decision deferred additional info: the admissions committee has requested that the applicant provide additional academic information before a final decision can be made. the application reverts to "incomplete" until the additional information is received and processed. applications for those who provide the requested additional information are re-evaluated after february 1. the requested material is listed in the “requirements” section of the applicant’s online status summary and in the admission decision letter. deny decision denied/offer alternate major: applicant has been denied but offered options for alternative majors. typically, this is because demand for the requested major far exceeds its capacity and there is not enough space for all qualified students. the applicant is encouraged to request admission to an alternative major on purdue's west lafayette campus by completing the online alternative major request form. indiana residents also have the option to begin their purdue education at purdue regional campuses or polytechnic institute locations around the state.  denied/offer summer option: applicant has been denied admission to begin in the fall but offered an opportunity to be admitted to a five-week summer start session that concludes just before the fall student orientation program. upon completion of the immersive (small classes, academic support) summer start session, students will be able to continue in the fall term. denied wl/offer regional campus: applicant has been denied admission to purdue's west lafayette campus but offered opportunities to begin their purdue education at purdue regional campuses or polytechnic institute locations around the state. the applicant is encouraged to contact a purdue regional campus to confirm admission offer. denied/offer waitlist: applicant has been denied but offered a spot on the waitlist and must complete an online form to be officially added to the waitlist. final decisions about waitlisted students are made no later than mid-june. . denied/academic expectations: applicant has been denied because the admissions committee has determined he or she is likely not prepared well enough to be academically successful in the requested major. denied/program closed: applicant has been denied because the requested major was closed to admission at the time his or her application was completed.  denied/program competitiveness: applicant has been denied because demand for the major far exceeds its capacity.  denied admission: applicant has been denied. other decisions applicant acceptance: applicant has accepted his or her offer of admission. admitted/reinstated: applicant’s canceled admission has been reinstated. revoked admission: the offer of admission has been rescinded. applying apply now closed programs freshman scholarships find your admissions counselor main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families high school counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.accept your admission offer   - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply visit accept your offer request info undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines and important dates admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students admitted students accept your admission offer follow these steps to accept your offer of admission.  set up your online career account accept your offer through mypurdue deadlines to accept admission offers additional requirements for international students declining an admission offer set up your online career account to accept an offer of admission, you must activate your online student career account. after activating your account, you will gain access to your mypurdue online portal, through which you can accept your offer of admission. to activate your account, you must have your purdue university id (puid) number and your career account setup password, both of which are provided in the admissions offer letter. your offer letter is viewable via your online application status within 48-72 hours after the admission decision has been made. accept through mypurdue if you have activated your career account, you may access your mypurdue online portal to accept your admission offer.   a nonrefundable $400 deposit will be required at the time you accept your offer. the deposit will be applied toward first-semester fees. the nonrefundable deposit may be paid by e-check or with mastercard, american express, discover or visa credit cards. be sure to choose "deposit" not "payment" when submitting this $400 advance deposit. the online payment system to accept your offer and pay your deposit is not compatible with the google chrome internet browser. use a different browser, such as internet explorer or firefox, to do this. some students will not be required to pay the $400 deposit but still must accept their offer of admission by the appropriate deadline. the online student system, mypurdue, recognizes students who are exempt from the fee, and will allow them to accept their offer online without the payment   deadlines to accept admission offers fall term - students admitted by april 10 must accept their offer by may 1. students admitted after april 10 have three weeks to accept. spring term - students admitted by december 1 must accept their offer by december 15. students admitted after december 1 have three weeks (or until the start of the semester) to accept. summer term - students admitted by may 1 must accept their offer by may 15. students admitted after may 1 have three weeks (or until the start of the term) to accept their admission offer. students who cannot access their online portal may accept their offer via paper mail by sending their nonrefundable $400 advance deposit and a note with the student's full name and birth date to: purdue university bursar's office 610 purdue mall west lafayette, in 47907-2040 declining an admission offer if you wish to decline (cancel) your admission offer, you may submit this online form. admitted students admitted student next steps on-campus housing career account activation mypurdue student portal main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.deadlines & dates - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links request info visit apply application status accept your offer undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines & dates check your application status admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students applying deadlines and important dates by paying attention to and meeting deadlines and important dates for applying and enrolling at purdue, you will maximize your opportunities for admission and scholarships and ensure that your transition to purdue is as smooth as possible.  show all | hide all freshman (first-time college student) application deadlines v future freshmen apply using the common application or the coalition application. do not use both — that will delay your application. if you're a high school student, you should apply early in your senior year; admission will be much more competitive if you apply later. the freshman application is available beginning august 1.  to meet a deadline, your application must be complete, which means we have received all required material. see completing the application, below.  november 1 firm* deadline to be considered for merit-based scholarships priority* deadline for nursing and computer science firm* deadline for veterinary technology firm* deadline to be considered for the honors college january 1 priority* application deadline for all majors other than those noted above. if you apply after january 1, check the closed programs page to confirm the major you want is still accepting applications. *firm means purdue will not accept applications after the date. priority means purdue will continue accepting applications if space allows. applying for spring or summer if you're applying to begin in the spring or summer term, submit application as early as possible prior to the start of the term. some majors are not available for students to begin in spring and/or summer — the closed programs page will help you identify those.  transfer student application deadlines v transfer students apply using the common application or the coalition application. do not use both — that will delay your application. if you're applying for the spring term, the transfer application is available beginning august. 1. if you're applying for summer or fall, the transfer application is available beginning december 15. you should apply as early as possible prior to the term you want to begin; once a major reaches capacity, we will stop accepting applications even if that occurs before the deadline. some majors are not available to transfers students. before you apply, check the closed programs page to confirm the major you want is available. to meet a deadline, your application must be complete, which means all required material has been received. see completing the application, below.  february 1 - deadline for fall enrollment for veterinary technology major (vet tech students begin in fall only) april 1 - deadline for summer enrollment may 1 - deadline for fall enrollment for computer science and nursing majors (nursing students begin in fall only) july 1 - deadline for all other majors for fall enrollment  november 1 - deadline for spring enrollment completing the application v to complete an application, all required material must be received. to meet a specific deadline, all required material must be received or postmarked by that date. once you submit an online application, you'll receive an email with information about your online applicant portal. use the portal to identify what material is required to complete your application and to confirm that we have received it. please note, once we receive an item, it may take up to two weeks for us to process it so that appears as received in your portal.   required material for freshmen typically includes: the application itself all official transcripts (including any college transcripts) sat or act test score (test scores must be sent electronically from testing agency. we accept old or new sat or act scores. we do not require a writing score.) although not required, a letter of recommendation is strongly recommended, especially for students who want to be considered for scholarships, the honors college or who are applying for highly competitive majors.  required material for transfer students typically includes: the application itself final high school transcript (unless you have completed a bachelor's degree) all college transcripts (all institutions you have attended) sat or act score — unless you have completed at least 24 college semester credit hours (test scores must be sent electronically from testing agency. we accept old or new sat or act scores. we do not require a writing score.)    application fee (or qualified fee waiver) scholarship deadlinesv to ensure maximum consideration for purdue scholarships, future freshmen applying for fall should:  complete their application (application form and all required material) by november 1 submit the supplemental scholarship application by january 1 (available to applicants via the financial aid website november 1–january 1) file a free application for federal student aid (fafsa) by january 1 decision release and accepting your offerv decision release most students can expect an admission decision about 12 weeks after their application and all required material have been submitted. decisions are not guaranteed by a certain date. offer acceptance deadlines to accept your admission offer:  fall term – may 1 if you're admitted by april 10. if you're admitted after april 10, you must accept within three weeks of your admission decision. spring term – december 15 if you're admitted by december 1. if you're admitted after december 1, must accept by the start of the term. summer term – may 15 if you're admitted by may 1. if you're admitted after may 1, you must accept by the start of the term. financial aid v march 1 is the priority deadline to file a free application for federal student aid (fafsa) for aid awarded for the upcoming academic year. if you meet this deadline, you will receive a financial aid award letter by early march. if you're admitted to begin in the spring or summer term, you should file a fafsa as soon as possible after being admitted. the fafsa is available beginning october 1. on-campus housing v may 5 is the firm deadline to contract for on-campus housing if you're admitted to begin in the fall. you'll gain access to the contract within two business days after accepting your admission offer. if space remains available after may 5, the housing contract will re-open in late may. if you're beginning in the spring or summer, visit the university residences website for information about contracting for on-campus housing. applying apply now check your application status closed programs freshman scholarships find your admissions counselor main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families high school counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.admission documents - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links request info visit apply application status accept your offer undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines & dates check your application status admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students applying admission documents application change form - note: requesting a change of major after november 1 may remove you from scholarship consideration, and scholarships that have been awarded could be withdrawn. cancel your application or admission - after classes begin, enrolled students must withdraw through the dean of students office. high school nondegree permission form (pdf: 267 kb) dual credit program - high school articulation agreement (pdf: 158 kb) vet technology experience report form applying apply now check your application status closed programs freshman scholarships find your admissions counselor main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families high school counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.transfer student checklist - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply visit accept your offer request info undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines & dates admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students transfer students transfer student checklist our goal is to make the transfer process user-friendly and our orientation programs welcoming so you'll feel at home from the moment you arrive on campus. before submitting a purdue application, review this page carefully to ensure you understand overall transfer requirements and processes as well as specific minimum criteria for your desired major. show all | hide all 1) minimum gpa and course requirements at purdue, students apply for admission to specific majors. to be considered, you must meet the minimum gpa and any specific course requirements for the major you want. see individual purdue majors for major-specific criteria. 2) minimum high school course requirements you must have completed purdue's minimum high school course requirements (in addition to the gpa and course requirements mentioned in item no. 1). you can make up for high school course deficiencies with college-level coursework. (one semester of college-level coursework is equivalent to two high school semesters.) 3) college credit hours needed before applying some transfer applicants may need to have up to 24 graded credit hours of college-level coursework (not remedial or developmental) before their application will be considered. the number of graded hours required will depend on the quality of your previous academic credentials (high school transcript, act or sat test scores, for example) and whether you have been denied admission to purdue for a previous term. learn more about how many graded credit hours you may need before applying to purdue. 4) sat or act you must provide an sat or act test score unless you have at least 24 graded credit hours of college-level coursework (not remedial or developmental) or have been out of high school for at least five years. you must send scores electronically, from the testing agency. 5) application deadlines below are specific application deadlines for transfer students. however, you should apply as early as possible, prior to the term you want to begin. admission to specific majors will close if we reach capacity, even if that occurs before the application deadline. february 1 - deadline for fall veterinary technology enrollment (vet tech students begin in fall only) april 1 - deadline for summer enrollment may 1 - deadline for fall nursing enrollment (nursing students begin in fall only) july 1 - deadline for fall enrollment (exceptions: vet tech deadline is february 1; nursing deadline is may 1) november 1 - deadline for spring enrollment 6) closed programs admission to individual majors may close at any time. before submitting your application, check the current closed programs list. 7) transferring credit the major or college to which you are admitted will determine how your previous college credit will be applied within your plan of study at purdue. you may use our online transfer credit course equivalency guide along with the plan of study for your desired major to assess how previous college credit may transfer. after admission, you'll receive a credit evaluation report that lists how your credit transfers. see our transferring credit to purdue page for additional transfer credit information, including ap and ib credit. 8) transfer application the transfer application for spring enrollment (term that begins in january) becomes available on august 1. for summer or fall enrollment, the transfer application becomes available on december 15. 9) final transcripts after submitting an application, you must provide final transcripts from all college coursework you have completed (any university, not just the most recent). failure to do so may result in admission denial or enrollment cancellation. 10) community college roadmap if you have been out of high school for at least five years and your high school record is significantly deficient (poor grades and/or missing many of purdue's high school course requirements) you may use purdue's community college roadmap to prepare for admission to purdue as a college transfer student. transfer students transferring credit to purdue transfer credit guidelines credit evaluation report closed programs articulation (transfer) agreements purdue majors with transfer criteria transfer credit course equivalency guide main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families high school counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.transfer credit to purdue - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply visit accept your offer request info undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines & dates admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students transfer credit transfer credit to purdue you may transfer an unlimited number of college credits to purdue but must earn at least 32 purdue credits to earn a degree from the university. below is information about how credit transfers to purdue. show all | hide all transfer credit guidelinesv detailed information about purdue's transfer credit policies is available on the transfer credit guidelines web page. following admission, purdue's credit evaluation department will evaluate your official college transcripts for possible transfer credit. to be transferable, coursework must meet the following criteria: it was earned at a regionally accredited institution. it is college-level coursework (not remedial or developmental). you received a grade of at least c-. how credit transfers will be based on whether the course is equivalent to a purdue course. when you register for purdue courses, your academic advisor will work with you to determine whether your transfer credit satisfies specific curriculum requirements for your plan of study. there is no limit on the number of credits you can transfer to purdue. however, to receive a purdue degree, you must complete at least 32 purdue credit hours of upper-division courses as part of the requirements for the plan of study. only credit transfers; grades do not. military experience you can receive college credit for active duty military service by submitting a copy of your dd214 (or an les, if still on active duty), preferably with you application for admission. this copy isn't required for admission evaluation but is necessary for credit consideration and consideration for other benefits such as reduced fees based on military service. military training programs are not evaluated for transfer credit, but credit-by-exam programs such as clep (college board), dsst, or uexcel (excelsior college) may be eligible for credit. submitting transcripts only official transcripts will be accepted for credit evaluation purposes. we do not accept transcripts that have been scanned or emailed. check with your university's registrar or records office about sending official transcripts to purdue electronically (parchment/avow or national student clearinghouse, for example). use admissions@purdue.edu for electronic transcript services that require a recipient email address. official paper transcripts may be mailed to: purdue university office of admissions schleman hall of student services 475 stadium mall drive west lafayette, in 47907 (765) 494-1776 hand-delivered transcripts will be accepted if they are in sealed envelopes using the issuing institution's stationery. authorized accrediting organizations msa—middle states association of colleges & schools nwccu—northwest commission on colleges & universities nca-hlc—north central association of colleges & schools neasc-cihe—new england association of schools & colleges sacs—southern association of colleges & schools wasc-accju western association of schools & colleges for community & junior colleges wasc-acscu-western association of schools & colleges for senior colleges & universities  questions about transfer credit? email: transfercredit@purdue.edu phone: 765-494-1776 hearing impaired: 800-743-3333 transfer course equivalency guide v purdue transfer credit course equivalency guide – the most current resource for purdue course equivalencies from u.s. and international institutions. college board ap and clep credit v the college board advanced placement program (ap) allows students to establish college credit from results of tests taken at the completion of any high school ap course. purdue credit for ap tests the college level examination program (clep) is a group of standardized tests that allow students to earn credit based on knowledge they've acquired through experience or independent study. clep exams may not be used in place of coursework required for admission to purdue. the purdue testing center offers clep exams to current purdue students by appointment. purdue credit for clep exams all ap and clep scores must be sent to purdue directly from the testing service.  student score reports in paper or electronic format will not be accepted. international baccalaureate (ib) and a-level credit v if you participate in the ib program you can earn credit by receiving scores of 5-7 on some courses. generally, purdue grants credit only for higher level ib courses. purdue credit for ib exams if you complete a-level exams you may earn credit for receiving a or b scores on some exams. generally, purdue grants credit only for a-level, not as-level. purdue credit for a-level exams test out at purduev you can earn advanced credit through purdue departmental proficiency examinations. purdue's advanced credit exams are given during the summer transition, advising, and registration (star) program and just before classes begin. if you attend star, you will receive information about the star testing schedule. or you may arrange for testing through the purdue testing center. purdue testing center schleman hall of student services, room b42 ptc@purdue.edu (765) 494-7690 examination programs through other organizationsv you can earn credit by completing exams through the dsst program. purdue credit for dsst exams you can earn credit by completing proficiency exams offered through the uexcel program offered by excelsior college. purdue credit for uexcel credit list dual and concurrent high school creditv concurrent high school and college credit: information about dual-credit courses (coursework taken to earn high school and college credit simultaneously). purdue dual credit program: purdue polytechnic institute dual credit program at select indiana high schools indiana public colleges — core courses and articulation pathwaysv indiana public colleges and universities, in collaboration with the indiana commission for higher education, have adopted a core library of courses transferable among indiana's public institutions and have established a common general education core curriculum, effective with coursework taken since fall 2013. in addition, purdue has several articulation (transfer) agreements with individual institutions. transferin.net indiana core transfer library (ctl) state transfer general education core (stgec) student faqs (pdf) purdue articulation (transfer) agreements purdue core curriculumv purdue also has a core curriculum requirement, a set of common learning outcomes required of all undergraduate students. in some cases, transfer courses may be used to satisfy specific learning outcomes. purdue core curriculum information indiana transfer single articulation pathway (tsap)v in collaboration with state institutions in indiana, the indiana commission for higher education (iche) has established this program so that students in selected majors may complete an associate’s degree at an indiana community college and transfer into a related field at a four-year public university in indiana where credits earned for the associate’s degree will apply toward the bachelor’s degree. to take advantage of this program at purdue, students must meet established admission criteria for the respective major, some of which are highly competitive or not available to transfer students because of popularity and limited capacity. for more information about the majors the state has selected for this program, view "single articulation pathways" on this iche web page. for information about the implementation of this program at purdue and the related purdue majors, contact admissions@purdue.edu. transfer credit apply applying as a transfer student closed programs purdue majors with transfer criteria main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families high school counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.closed programs - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links request info visit apply application status accept your offer undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines & dates check your application status admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students applying closed programs because of resource limitations, purdue reserves the right to stop accepting applications at any time. applications that are incomplete when admission is closed may not be evaluated if they are completed after the closing date. some programs are closed because of space availability. some programs are closed for specific academic terms because the course sequence requires that students begin in a specific term. future freshmen - see programs that are closed to first-time college students transfers - see programs that are closed to transfer students  first-time college students (future freshmen) admission to the following is closed to students who will enter college for the first time or whose only college coursework was completed before high school graduation.  spring 2017  summer 2017  fall 2017  kinesiology kinesiology landscape architecture landscape architecture nursing nursing undecided in engineering (first-year engineering) undecided in engineering (first-year engineering)   veterinary technology (on-campus program) veterinary technology (on-campus program) transfer students admission to the following is closed to students who wish to transfer from another college or university.  spring 2017 summer 2017 fall 2017 biomedical engineering biomedical engineering biomedical engineering   interdisciplinary engineering studies   kinesiology kinesiology landscape architecture landscape architecture mechanical engineering mechanical engineering mechanical engineering   multidisciplinary engineering   nursing nursing undecided in engineering (first-year engineering) undecided in engineering (first-year engineering) undecided in engineering (first-year engineering) veterinary technology (on-campus program) veterinary technology (on-campus program) veterinary technology bachelor's degree completion program   veterinary technology bachelor's degree completion program applying apply now check your application status closed programs freshman scholarships find your admissions counselor main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families high school counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.academics - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply visit accept your offer request info undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines and important dates admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates maximizing scholarship consideration fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students academics purdue is recognized for academic excellence, meaningful research, and graduate achievement. our students and alumni enjoy a global network of leaders in business, healthcare, science, technology, education, the arts, agriculture, communication, politics and much more.  majors freshman profile student enrollment majors by career interest by college a-z listing by personality type about freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses student support academic support career prep accreditation academics purdue honors college learning communities study abroad undergraduate research purdue admissions @purdueadmission 1d our friends at @johndeere made quite an arrival to campus - think we can take a spin? https://t.co/tj14orbknw purdue admissions @purdueadmission 4d honors college. an indiana first - academic residential college. brightest minds. coolest floors. #officialopening https://t.co/cksxhmurkq follow @purdueadmission on twitter main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links request info visit apply application status accept your offer undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines & dates check your application status admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students all majors filter by college all majors minors college of agriculture college of education college of engineering exploratory studies college of health & human sciences college of liberal arts krannert school of management college of pharmacy purdue polytechnic institute college of science college of veterinary medicine a - za - z a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p r s t u v w filter by career interestfilter by career interest show all agriculture athletics business / management computer programming and information systems engineering and technology environment and ecology healthcare law marketing, advertising, communication, and writing mathematics public service or social sciences science and research teaching and education undecided visual or performing arts majors   accounting krannert school of management acting college of liberal arts actuarial science college of science aeronautical and astronautical engineering college of engineering aeronautical engineering technology purdue polytechnic institute aerospace financial analysis purdue polytechnic institute african american studies college of liberal arts agribusiness (multiple concentrations) college of agriculture agricultural communication college of agriculture agricultural economics (multiple concentrations) college of agriculture agricultural education college of agriculture agricultural engineering college of agriculture agricultural systems management college of agriculture agronomy (multiple concentrations) college of agriculture airline management and operations purdue polytechnic institute airport management and operations purdue polytechnic institute american studies college of liberal arts animal sciences (multiple concentrations) college of agriculture animation purdue polytechnic institute anthropology college of liberal arts applied meteorology and climatology college of agriculture art history college of liberal arts asian studies college of liberal arts athletic training college of health and human sciences atmospheric science/meteorology college of science audio engineering technology purdue polytechnic institute automation and systems integration engineering technology purdue polytechnic institute aviation management purdue polytechnic institute   biochemistry college of agriculture   biochemistry (biology) college of science   biochemistry (chemistry) college of science   biological engineering - multiple concentrations college of agriculture   biology college of science   biomedical engineering college of engineering   brain and behavioral sciences college of health and human sciences   building information modeling purdue polytechnic institute   cell, molecular, and developmental biology college of science   chemical engineering college of engineering   chemistry college of science   chemistry - american chemical society college of science   chinese studies college of liberal arts   civil engineering college of engineering   classical studies college of liberal arts   communication, general college of liberal arts   comparative literature college of liberal arts   computer and information technology purdue polytechnic institute   computer engineering college of engineering   computer science college of science   construction engineering college of engineering   construction management technology purdue polytechnic institute   corporate communication college of liberal arts   creative writing college of liberal arts   crop science college of agriculture   cybersecurity purdue polytechnic institute   data visualization purdue polytechnic institute   demolition and restoration management in the built environment purdue polytechnic institute   developmental and family science college of health and human sciences   early childhood education and exceptional needs college of health and human sciences   ecology, evolution, and environmental sciences college of science   economics (college of liberal arts) college of liberal arts   economics (school of management) krannert school of management   effects technical direction purdue polytechnic institute   electrical engineering college of engineering   electrical engineering technology purdue polytechnic institute   elementary education college of education   engineering/technology teacher education purdue polytechnic institute   english college of liberal arts   english education college of liberal arts   environmental and ecological engineering college of engineering   environmental and natural resources engineering college of agriculture   environmental geosciences college of science   environmental health sciences college of health and human sciences   environmental studies (pre) college of agriculture   exploratory studies (for undecided students) exploratory studies   family and consumer sciences education college of health and human sciences   farm management college of agriculture   film and theatre production college of liberal arts   film and video studies college of liberal arts   finance krannert school of management   financial counseling and planning college of health and human sciences   fisheries and aquatic sciences college of agriculture   flight (professional flight technology) purdue polytechnic institute   foods and nutrition in business college of health and human sciences   food science college of agriculture   forestry college of agriculture   french college of liberal arts   game studies purdue polytechnic institute   general education: curriculum and instruction (non-licensure) college of education   general education: educational studies (non-licensure) college of education   genetic biology college of science   geology and geophysics college of science   german college of liberal arts   global studies college of liberal arts   health and disease college of science   healthcare construction management purdue polytechnic institute   health sciences - preprofessional college of health and human sciences   history college of liberal arts   horticulture (multiple concentrations) college of agriculture   hospitality and tourism management college of health and human sciences   human centered design and development purdue polytechnic institute   human relations college of liberal arts   human resources (see management or organizational leadership)   human services college of health and human sciences   industrial (consumer product) design college of liberal arts   industrial engineering college of engineering   industrial engineering technology purdue polytechnic institute   industrial management krannert school of management   insect biology college of agriculture   integrated studio arts (see photography) college of liberal arts   interdisciplinary engineering studies college of engineering   interior (space planning) design college of liberal arts   italian studies college of liberal arts   japanese college of liberal arts   jewish studies college of liberal arts   kinesiology college of health and human sciences   landscape architecture college of agriculture   law and society college of liberal arts   learning sciences in educational studies (non licensure) college of education   linguistics college of liberal arts   management krannert school of management   marketing krannert school of management   mass communication college of liberal arts   materials engineering college of engineering   mathematics college of science   mathematics education college of science   mechanical and electrical construction management purdue polytechnic institute   mechanical engineering college of engineering   mechanical engineering technology purdue polytechnic institute   mechatronics engineering technology purdue polytechnic institute   medical laboratory sciences college of health and human sciences   medieval and renaissance studies college of liberal arts   meteorology (see applied meteorology and climatology or atmospheric science/meteorology)   microbiology college of science   multidisciplinary engineering college of engineering   natural resources and environmental science (multiple concentrations) college of agriculture   network engineering technology purdue polytechnic institute   neurobiology and physiology college of science   nuclear engineering college of engineering   nursing college of health and human sciences   nutrition, fitness, and health college of health and human sciences   nutrition and dietetics college of health and human sciences   nutrition and dietetics/nutrition, fitness and health (dual major) college of health and human sciences   nutrition science college of health and human sciences   occupational health science college of health and human sciences   organizational leadership purdue polytechnic institute   pharmacy college of pharmacy   philosophy college of liberal arts   physics college of science   planetary sciences college of science   plant genetics, breeding, and biotechnology college of agriculture   plant science college of agriculture   political science college of liberal arts   predentistry   prelaw   premedicine   preoccupational therapy   prephysical therapy   prephysician's assistant   pre-veterinary medicine college of agriculture   professional writing college of liberal arts   psychological sciences college of health and human sciences   public health college of health and human sciences   public relations and strategic communication college of liberal arts   purdue polytechnic institute statewide programs purdue polytechnic institute   radiological health sciences - health physics college of health and human sciences   religious studies college of liberal arts   residential construction management purdue polytechnic institute   retail management college of health and human sciences   robotics engineering technology purdue polytechnic institute   russian college of liberal arts   sales and marketing college of agriculture   science education college of science   selling and sales management college of health and human sciences   social studies education college of education   sociology college of liberal arts   soil and water sciences college of agriculture   sound for the performing arts college of liberal arts   spanish college of liberal arts   special education: dual licensure in elementary education and special education - mild intervention college of education   special education: mild and intense intervention p-12 college of education   special education: mild intervention p-12 college of education   speech, language, and hearing sciences college of health and human sciences   statistics - applied statistics college of science   statistics with mathematics option college of science   strategy and organizational management krannert school of management   studio arts and technology college of liberal arts   supply chain, information and analytics krannert school of management   supply chain management technology purdue polytechnic institute   sustainable biomaterials – process and product design college of agriculture   sustainable food and farming systems college of agriculture   systems analysis and design purdue polytechnic institute   theatre college of liberal arts   theatre design and production college of liberal arts   transdisciplinary studies in technology purdue polytechnic institute   turf management and science college of agriculture   undecided liberal arts college of liberal arts   undecided within engineering college of engineering   unmanned aerial systems purdue polytechnic institute   veterinary technician or technologist college of veterinary medicine   virtual product integration purdue polytechnic institute   visual arts design education college of liberal arts   visual arts education college of liberal arts   visual communications design college of liberal arts   visual effects compositing purdue polytechnic institute   web programming and design purdue polytechnic institute   wildlife college of agriculture   women’s, gender and sexuality studies college of liberal arts back to top main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families high school counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.freshman class profile - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply visit accept your offer request info undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines and important dates admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students academics freshman class profile, fall 2015 in fall 2015, purdue welcomed its most academically prepared freshman class to date. size of class: 6,812 number of applications: 45,023 overall average high school class rank: top 16% middle 50% high school gpa range: 3.5-4.0 middle 50% sat range: 1630-1950 middle 50% act composite range: 25-31 middle 50% act english/writing range: 23-29 students in top 10% of high school class:  43% students in top 25% of high school class: 80% academics student enrollment student life main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.student enrollment - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply visit accept your offer request info undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines and important dates admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students academics student enrollment, fall 2015 purdue's west lafayette, indiana, campus offers a diverse student population from all 50 states and nearly 130 countries. enrollment total enrollment: 39,409 undergraduate students: 29,497 freshman student profile undergraduate demographics 57% male, 43% female 54% indiana residents 28% other u.s. states 18% other countries 20% minority domestic student population undergraduate enrollment by purdue college or school college of engineering 27% college of health and human sciences 13% college of science 12% college of technology 11% college of liberal arts 9% college of agriculture 9% krannert school of management 9% exploratory studies 4% college of education 2% college of pharmacy 2% veterinary medicine 1% nondegree-seeking students 1% academics freshman profile academics main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.faculty and courses   - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply visit accept your offer request info undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines and important dates admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students academics faculty and courses purdue is driven to make an impact on students through an academic transformation that is streaking across campus. specifically — instruction matters: purdue academic course transformation. through impact, professors transform purdue's foundational courses from large, lecture-style classes into smaller interactive sessions. new and redesigned classroom space is being created across campus, inspired by impact. technology to foster collaboration. seating configured for teamwork and small-group discussion. data prove the transformation works and the number of impact courses is increasing at a rate of 60 new courses per year. beyond the classroom, faculty connections help students land research experience and internships. they lead to new professional networks, personal insight and inspiration for graduate study. at a university the size of purdue, faculty are able to shepherd students toward resources and opportunities to match whatever their interests may be. academics honors college resources for academic support undergraduate research main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.purdue honors college - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply visit accept your offer request info undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines & dates admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students academics purdue honors college transformative education. wildly interdisciplinary. driven by a commitment to open-minded dialogue. purdue honors college attracts bright thinkers who are driven to leave the world better than they found it. the honors college advantage original and exciting research and study abroad opportunities. a competitive-edge in employment, graduate school and prestigious national fellowships and scholarships such as the fulbright and rhodes scholarships. global community with access to all the resources and support of a world-class university. personal career path guidance, mentoring and advising. collaborative, problem-solving environment with faculty and peers, both in and out of the classroom admission to the honors college to be considered for the honors college you must complete your application and the honors college section on the application by november 1. on the application, answer “yes” to the honors college interest question and then answer the two additional short text honors college questions.  selection is through a holistic process that considers a variety of factors, including academics, leadership and community/school activities. academics undergraduate research apply now admission criteria deadlines main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families high school counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.student success at purdue - learning communities menu powered by find info for find info for current students prospective students alumni & donors engage with purdue careers research event calendar visit campus quick links apply news shop visit give emergency learning communities learning communities home lc activity photos lc staff contacts frequently asked questions prospective students prospective students learning community profiles honors college information what instructors say about learning communities what students say about learning communities profiles learning community profiles college of agriculture college of education college of engineering exploratory studies college of health and human sciences krannert school of management college of liberal arts pre-pharmacy college of science purdue polytechnic institute honors college instructors instructors what instructors say about learning communities guidelines and expectations event and activity resources apply learning communities through learning communities, first-year students have a great way to make friends and learn the ropes at purdue.     student testimonial video » research results here and at programs across the united states show that students who take part in a learning community earn higher grades, make friends faster, and graduate at higher and faster rates than students who don't participate.     lc introductory video » around 2,000 first-year students participate in learning communities every year! don't be left out!     click here to learn more »     the lc application is now open for the incoming class of fall 2016! apply today » add a comment to the lc facebook page, and then join it to have a place to communicate with other lc students! back to top learning communities krch 4th floor, 1198 third street, west lafayette, in 47907 - (765) 494-5785 or (765) 494-8571, learningcommunities@purdue.edu communication    employee portal blackboard purdue today mymail outlook mypurdue campus    faculty & staff ais physical facilities directory campus map construction student success    orientation & transition academic support specialized programs toolbox    database sharepoint staff scheduler room scheduler qualtrics  facebook  twitter  youtube  instagram  pinterest student success at purdue, krch 4th floor, 1198 third street, west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-9328, studentsuccess@purdue.edu 2014 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by student success if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact office of student success at studentsuccess@purdue.edu.resources for academic support  - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply visit accept your offer request info undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines and important dates admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students academics resources for academic support purdue has a vested interest in student success - we want successful graduates to tell colleagues, friends, neighbors and families that purdue helped them meet their goals. therefore, the university has a wide variety to help students succeed academically. academic advisors - all students have an advisor within their academic college and students who are considering professional fields (medicine, law, etc.) also have access to the preprofessional advising office to help them prepare for admission to and success in professional schools. academic success center - free services including videos, handouts, workshops, and one-on-one support. supplemental instruction - peer-assisted study sessions ensure that students in historically difficult, foundational courses have resources to help when they need them.  classroom technology - purdue is an industry leader in developing innovative technologies to support learning. signals. hotseat. mixable. these and other studio projects help faculty and students connect and interact through mobile devices, online social networks, and websites. math, physics, and chemistry help rooms - open during regularly scheduled hours and staffed by upper-class and graduate students to offer free help in the respective subject areas. writing lab - a well-respected resource for the world, is right here at purdue - online and in-person help with anything related to the written word. tutors — tutors are available across academic disciplines. some services are free, while others are available for a small charge. academics faculty and courses student success at purdue main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.office of programs for study abroad  - purdue university programs | outbound students | incoming exchange students | faculty & staff program search program types information sessions internships certificate programs work or volunteer frequently asked questions first time travelers pre-departure meetings liaisons intercultural issues world languages for study abroad graduate students students with disabilities student organizations newsletter newspaper articles returned student search peer advisors deposit payment instruction application process course information handbook important dates get involved at purdue useful links departmental study abroad programs study abroad definition intercultural effectiveness definition statistics advisors adding exchange partners independent international activity student ambassadors purdue policy on security sa admin my study abroad purdue students, faculty & staff career account: password:  non purdue & regional student login getting started program search financial resources financial aid study abroad scholarships other funding for overseas study emergency contact parents helpful travel links safety & health purdue policy emergency contact office directory other international programs offices at purdue visitorinformation policies academic policies eligibility policies participation policies safety & health passport: passport fall callout special event: supercharge study abroad: marketing your experience special event: supercharing study abroad: marketing your experience << september 2016 >> sun mon tue wed thu fri sat         1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30                                                  all events march 23, 2016 communication to purdue - wl summer 2016 study abroad students.       home  |  international programs  |  international students and scholars  |  contact us copyright © 2016, international programs purdue university, all rights reserved. purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact international programs webmaster at ipit.webmaster@purdue.edu.career preparation - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply visit accept your offer request info undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines and important dates admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students academics career preparation graduate success most years, more than 90% of new purdue graduates report success in finding jobs, continuing their education, or pursuing other plans (such as the peace corps or teach for america) within six months of graduation. information about grad success rates and average salaries is available on the purdue center for career opportunities (cco) website. professional practice many students pursue internships or cooperative education (co-op) programs to gain work experience as part of their education. the professional practice website includes comprehensive information about programs, companies and student co-op salaries. in addition, cco maintains an online resource for student internships. who hires purdue grads cco also maintains a comprehensive list of companies that hire purdue graduates. academics faculty and courses center for career opportunities main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.consumer information - division of financial aid - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency division of financial aid menu home students students prospective students prospective students important dates: new students aviation technology distance learning graduate students international students military programs polytechnic institute statewide study abroad transfer students how to apply how to apply for aid how to complete the fafsa apply for more aid review award notice how to accept aid secure your aid summer aid how to use mypurdue mymoney website types of aid types of aid federal work-study free money free money grants scholarships income share agreement loans loans before accepting loans loan fee calculator gre fee waiver cost of purdue cost of purdue net price calculator cover remaining costs polytechnic institute statewide cost calculator cost calculator student employment student employment find a job post a job remove job contact us contact us ask a question frequently asked questions consumer information policies and appeals terms and conditions contact us ﻿consumer information purdue university is recognized as one of the nation’s finest higher education institutions, and we are proud of this distinction. purdue prohibits discrimination against any member of the university community on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, age, national origin or ancestry, genetic information, marital status, parental status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, or status as a veteran. the university also prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex in all educational programs and activities. we welcome inquiries about our programs and services. the student consumer regulations of the united states department of education require universities to provide students access to specific information that they are entitled to as consumers. purdue university annually distributes student consumer information via email to all enrolled students. the following list contains a brief description of various important pieces of information about purdue, websites to view this information in detail, and addresses and phone contact numbers. additional information about specific programs and university services is available from the individual schools, colleges, institutional departments, and offices. athletic program participation rates and financial support data campus security report/ missing person procedures complaint resolution for distance learning conviction for possession or sale of illegal drugs deferments for performed services family education rights and privacy act (ferpa) financial aid graduation rates health insurance portability and accountability act (hipaa) university equal access/equal opportunity and title ix nondiscrimination policies other general institutional information services & facilities for students with disabilities study abroad voter registration ﻿athletic program participation rates and financial support data completion or graduation rates for students who receive athletically related student aid and the annual equity in athletics disclosure act (eada) report that contains participation rates, financial support, and other information on men's and women's intercollegiate athletic programs. information regarding graduation rates is available through the ncaa on the web address listed below: www.ncaa.org/about/resources/research/graduation-rates. information regarding the annual eada report is available through the office of legal counsel. the request form may be found at the web address listed below:www.purdue.edu/business/records/public_records/. source: division of intercollegiate athletics drew and brittany brees student-athlete academic center 1000 john r. wooden dr., purdue university west lafayette, in 47907-2071 765-494-9752 http://www.purduesports.com/compliance/ [back to top] ﻿campus security report/ missing person procedures statistics are available for the current month, present year and previous years concerning crimes that occurred on campus, in or on non-campus buildings or property and public property. university policies as they relate to clery compliance and procedures for reporting a missing person are available in the ";your campus, your safety" publication at http://www.purdue.edu/ehps/police/reports/yourcampus.pdf. printed copies of the statistics and missing person procedures are available upon request. source: university police department 205 south martin jischke drive, purdue university west lafayette, in 47907-1971 765-494-8221 www.purdue.edu/ehps/police. ; www.purdue.edu/ehps/police/reports/index.html information on campus fire prevention, fire safety practices and fire safety in university housing is available on the web address listed below: source: purdue university fire department 1250 w. third street west lafayette, in 47907 765-494-6919 www.purdue.edu/ehps/fire www.purdue.edu/ehps/fire/fire-statistics.html ﻿[back to top] ﻿complaint resolution for distance learning purdue is committed to providing distant students with an exceptional educational experience that is transparent, efficient, stimulating and fair. if, as a prospective or current student, you feel that your experience with a distance learning course or program from purdue has not lived up to those standards, you may register a complaint. information on this process can be found at https://www.distance.purdue.edu/complaint.asp. source: online and distance learning stewart center, room g-59 purdue university west lafayette, in 47907 765-494-8619 ﻿[back to top] ﻿conviction for possession or sale of illegal drugs a conviction for any offense involving the possession or sale of illegal drugs during a period of enrollment for which you receive title iv federal student aid may result in the loss of future financial aid eligibility. if you are convicted of possessing or selling drugs after you submit your free application for federal student aid (fafsa), you must notify dfa immediately. incarceration limits the federal student aid funds a student is eligible to receive. any student incarcerated during a period of enrollment must notify the division of financial aid. for possession of a controlled substance, the period of ineligibility first conviction: 1 year after date of conviction second conviction: 2 years after date of conviction third conviction: indefinite a conviction that is reversed, set aside, or removed from the students record is not considered for purposes of this section, nor is a conviction from a juvenile proceeding. for sale of a controlled substance, the period of ineligibility first conviction: 2 years after date of conviction second conviction: indefinite rehabilitation if a student successfully completes a drug rehabilitation program as described below, after the student's most recent drug conviction, the student can regain eligibility on the date the student successfully completes the program. requirements of a satisfactory drug rehabilitation program: includes at least two unannounced drug tests; and has received or is qualified to receive funds directly or indirectly under a federal, state, or local government program is administered or registered by a federal, state, or local government agency or court; has received or is qualified to receive payment directly or indirectly from a federally- or state-licensed insurance company; or is administered or recognized by a federally- or state-licensed hospital, health clinic, or medical doctor. ﻿[back to top] ﻿deferments for performed services borrowers in the federal stafford loan program may be eligible for deferred payment provisions for service in the peace corps, service under the domestic volunteer service act of 1973 or comparable volunteer services for a tax-exempt organization in community service. borrowers should seek applications and detailed information from their lender. source: division of financial aid schleman hall of student services, room 305& 475 stadium mall drive, purdue university west lafayette, in 47907-2050 765-494-5050 http://www.purdue.edu/dfa/types-of-aid/loans/index.html https://studentaid.ed.gov/sa/glossary#qualifying_public_services ﻿[back to top] ﻿family education rights and privacy act (ferpa) the family educational rights and privacy act (ferpa) affords students certain rights with respect to their educational records. they include the right to: inspect and review educational records; request an amendment to these records; consent to disclosures of personally identifiable information in these records; restrict disclosure of information designated as directory information that may be released without consent of the student; and file a complaint with the u.s. department of education for alleged failure by purdue university to comply with ferpa requirements. source: office of the registrar hovde hall of administration 610 purdue mall, purdue university west lafayette, in 47907-2040 765-494-8581 http://www.purdue.edu/policies/records/viiia4.html http://www.purdue.edu/registrar/ferpa/annual.html ﻿[back to top] ﻿financial aid the division of financial aid is the primary source for information about institutional financial assistance at purdue university. descriptions of available federal, state, institutional and outside sources of assistance, eligibility criteria and methods of disbursement and the terms and conditions of loans including information on entrance counseling, exit counseling and information on student employment opportunities are available on our website and in various office publications. details about the availability of financial aid, the application process, determining financial need, awarding aid and data regarding aid recipients is available upon request and from the web address below. source: division of financial aid schleman hall of student services, room 305 475 stadium mall drive, purdue university west lafayette, in 47907-2050 765-494-5050 www.purdue.edu/dfa www.purdue.edu/dfa/contact/policies-appeals.html ﻿[back to top] ﻿graduation rates the graduation rates are available starting with the cohort for the fall semester 1998. the graduation rates calculated for the first-time full-time, degree-seeking student are available on the enrollment management website at www.purdue.edu/enrollmentmanagement/researchanddata/gradretentionrates.html. source: office of enrollment management analysis and reporting schleman hall of student services 475 stadium mall dr., purdue university west lafayette, in 47907-2050 www.purdue.edu/enrollmentmanagement/emar/index.html ﻿[back to top] ﻿health insurance portability and accountability act (hipaa) the health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996 (hipaa) creates a framework to protect the privacy and security of individuals' health information as it is used and disclosed by covered health care providers, covered health plans and their business associates and subcontractors. purdue supports the goals of hipaa and documents its commitment to comply in its "compliance with hipaa privacy and security regulations" policy. view the compliance policy at: www.purdue.edu/policies/records/viiia1.html. information regarding how protected health information will be used or disclosed is described in the notices of privacy practices. the notice associated with a particular healthcare provider or purdue's employee health plans may be viewed at www.purdue.edu/hipaa. for answers to hipaa-related questions, contact the hipaa privacy officer, hipaa-privacy@purdue.edu, or visit www.purdue.edu/hipaa. source: hipaa privacy compliance office  purdue university, 601 stadium mall drive   west lafayette, in 47907-2052 ﻿[back to top] ﻿university equal access/equal opportunity and title ix nondiscrimination policies nondiscrimination purdue university prohibits discrimination against any member of the university community on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, age, national origin or ancestry, genetic information, marital status, parental status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, or status as a veteran. purdue university's complete equal access/equal opportunity policies and procedures are available at www.purdue.edu/ethics/. questions regarding these policies and procedures should be directed to the vice president for ethics and compliance. title ix purdue university prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex in all educational programs and activities. discrimination on the basis of sex includes sexual harassment, sexual violence and assault, sexual exploitation, dating and domestic violence, and stalking. for additional information, please visit www.purdue.edu/titleix. title ix inquiries or complaints should be directed to: title ix coordinator, ernest c. young hall, 10th floor, 155 s. grant street, west lafayette, in 47907-2114, (765)494-7253, titleix@purdue.edu. ﻿[back to top] ﻿other general institutional information undergraduate admission procedures and processes, average cost of attending purdue, information about academic programs, transfer credit, and information on diversity of student populations: source: office of admissions schleman hall of student services 475 stadium mall drive, purdue university west lafayette, in 47907-2050 765-494-1776 or 765-496-1373 (hearing impaired) www.admissions.purdue.edu  ﻿[back to top] graduate school admission requirements and procedures, information on academic programs and research, funding, diversity of student populations, and graduate student life. source: purdue university graduate school young hall, room 170 155 s. grant street west lafayette, in 47907-2114 765-494-2600 www.purdue.edu/gradschool ﻿﻿[back to top] university refund policy and a summary of the requirements for the return of title iv grant or loan assistance by students who withdraw from purdue: source: bursar's office hovde hall of administration 610 purdue mall, purdue university west lafayette, in 47907-2040 765-494-7570 http://www.purdue.edu/bursar/tuition/refunds.html ﻿[back to top] requirements for officially withdrawing from purdue: source: office of the dean of students schleman hall of student services, room 207 475 stadium mall drive, purdue university west lafayette, in 47907-2050 765-494-1747 https://www.purdue.edu/odos/sac/withdrawal/ ﻿﻿[back to top] information about the accrediting and licensing agencies for purdue's undergraduate and graduate academic programs and changes to the academic programs: source: office of institutional research, assessment and effectiveness  ernest c. young hall, room 939 155 s. grant street, purdue university west lafayette, in 47907-2040 765-494-9246 http://www.purdue.edu/assessment/accred.html ﻿[back to top] information about purdue's student drug and alcohol policy: source: wellness office division of recreational sports france a. cordova recreational sports center 355 n. martin jischke drive west lafayette, in 47906-2030 765-496-6780 www.purdue.edu/aod/﻿ ﻿[back to top] purdue's institutional policies on vaccinations: source: purdue university student health center 601 stadium mall drive west lafayette, in 47907-2052 765-494-1700 www.purdue.edu/push/appointments/immunreq.shtml﻿ ﻿[back to top] post-graduate statistics and salary data for baccalaureate and professional degree recipients from may graduation classes: source: center for career opportunities young hall 155 south grant street west lafayette, in 47907-2114 765-494-3981 www.cco.purdue.edu/students/where_purdue_graduates_go.aspx﻿ ﻿[back to top] university policies, procedures and regulations on copyright: source : university copyright office 504 west state street west lafayette, in 47907-2058 765-496-3864 www.lib.purdue.edu/uco/; www.purdue.edu/securepurdue/﻿ ﻿[back to top] note: the purdue university data digest provides information on a variety of topics for the west lafayette and regional campuses, as well as system-wide data at www.purdue.edu/datadigest/ source: office of institutional research, assessment and effectiveness ernest c. young hall 155 s. grant street west lafayette, in 47907-2114 765-494-7139; fax 765-496-2275 www.purdue.edu/oir/﻿ ﻿[back to top] ﻿services & facilities for students with disabilities the disability resource center of the division of student success coordinates academic adjustments, auxiliary aids and services for students with permanent and/or temporary disabilities. a disability resource center accommodation specialist works individually with each student to determine the most appropriate accommodations based on the student's relevant documentation and specific needs. academic accommodations, auxiliary aids and services are designed to allow students to fully participate in course activities, materials and evaluations. source: the disability resource center, student success department young hall, room 830 155 s. grant street, purdue university west lafayette, in 47907-2080 765-494-1247 (v/tty) www.purdue.edu/drc/ ﻿[back to top] ﻿study abroad regularly enrolled purdue students participating in university-sanctioned programs abroad are eligible for federal financial aid, national scholarships and purdue grants. the university's division of financial aid provides information for students seeking aid for study abroad. extensive information on international options and on funding overseas study is available from the office of programs for study abroad. source: division of financial aid schleman hall of student services, room 305 475 stadium mall drive, purdue university west lafayette, in 47907-2050 765-494-5050 www.purdue.edu/dfa/students/prospective/abroad.html  study abroad office ernest c. young hall, room 105 155 south grant street, purdue university  west lafayette, in 47907-2114 765-494-2383 www.studyabroad.purdue.edu ﻿[back to top] ﻿voter registration purdue students not registered to vote can obtain an indiana mail-in voter registration application (vrg-7) at www.in.gov/sos/elections/. please note: indiana residents attending purdue from outside tippecanoe county, as well as students from other states, may register to vote in tippecanoe county by using their local student address when completing the voter registration application. source: office of the registrar hovde hall of administration 610 purdue mall, purdue university west lafayette, in 47907-2040 765-494-8581 ﻿[back to top] contact us ask a question frequently asked questions consumer information policies and appeals terms and conditions communication employee portal blackboard purdue today hello 365 faq outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction services consumer information terms & conditions policies & appeals net price calculator other shop clery reporting act tuition calculator ethics & compliance speak up purdue university division of financial aid, schleman hall, room 305, 475 stadium mall drive, west lafayette, in 47907-2050, (765) 494-5050 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by division of financial aid trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact division of financial aid at facontact@purdue.edu. adobe reader microsoft office viewersaccreditation accreditation accreditation accreditation home committees timeline news & presentations higher learning commission 2010 purdue hlc site 2010 hlc visiting review team 1999 purdue hlc site committee resources once every 10 years... purdue university gets an opportunity to take a comprehensive look at itself — to assess its programs and operations in preparation for a review for reaccreditation by the higher learning commission of the north central association of colleges and schools . purdue, which has been accredited continually since 1913, was last reviewed and fully accredited during 1999-2000. the self-study effort was co-chaired by christine ladisch, then, vice provost for academic affairs, and mark pagano, dean of continuing education and conferences. the two-year-plus process involved teams of purdue faculty, staff, and students who assessed changes and progress made since the last review and identified opportunities and challenges throughout the university. more than 300 faculty and staff took part in the preparations for the review, which was conducted march 21-24, 2010. each college/school and support area at purdue had a liaison who assisted in providing information to the committees. on october 26, 2010, the higher learning commission issued formal notification that accredited status has been continued for purdue university. the evaluation team’s full report on their site visit is available here . learn more about the accreditation timeline , previous accreditation reports , committee members , and view the self-study report .costs and financial aid - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply visit accept your offer request info undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines and important dates admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates maximizing scholarship consideration fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students costs and financial aid rated a best-value university by organizations including kiplinger's personal finance, money magazine, time magazine and the princeton review, purdue routinely rises to the top among universities based on the cost of education vs. alumni earning power. freshman scholarships tuition and fees student career outcomes costs tuition and fees qualifying for in-state tuition financial aid estimator financial aid freshman scholarships how to apply for financial aid financial aid estimator deadlines and important dates resources division of financial aid free application for federal student aid (fafsa) student employment main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.tuition and fees - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply visit accept your offer request info undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines and important dates admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates maximizing scholarship consideration fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students costs and financial aid tuition and fees estimated cost of attendance, 2016-17 the cost of attending purdue university varies depending on factors such as where a student chooses to live, travel expenses, food costs, enrollment in a specific program or college/school, etc. below are estimated costs for the 2016-2017 academic year (two semesters of full-time enrollment). part-time students can find costs by credit hour on the bursar website. indiana resident nonresident international* billed expenses tuition/fees+ $10,002** $28,804** $30,964** room/board $10,030 $10,030 $10,030 subtotal $20,032 $38,834 $40,994 other estimated expenses books/supplies $1,220 $1,220 $1,220 transportation $210 $370 $370 miscellaneous $1,570 $1,570 $1,570 subtotal $3,000 $3,160 $3,160 estimated total $23,032 $41,994 $44,154 ﻿+ tuition will remain frozen at current rates through the 2017-18 academic year. *international students are those who hold f, j, and some other visa types **some programs have additional fees: computer science - $2,050 engineering - $2,050 management - $1,436 purdue polytechnic - $572 flight - individual courses in this program have additional fees; please refer to the bursar website or contact the department for specific flight course fees. this information is subject to change without notice. if you enroll in classes but must withdraw before the semester starts, purdue will refund your tuition/fees. after classes begin, refunds are reduced proportionally. students who have certain types of federal financial aid are subject to other refund schedules. costs and financial aid freshman scholarships financial aid estimator main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.net price calculator - division of financial aid - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency division of financial aid menu home students students prospective students prospective students important dates: new students aviation technology distance learning graduate students international students military programs polytechnic institute statewide study abroad transfer students how to apply how to apply for aid how to complete the fafsa apply for more aid review award notice how to accept aid secure your aid summer aid how to use mypurdue mymoney website types of aid types of aid federal work-study free money free money grants scholarships income share agreement loans loans before accepting loans loan fee calculator gre fee waiver cost of purdue cost of purdue net price calculator cover remaining costs polytechnic institute statewide cost calculator cost calculator student employment student employment find a job post a job remove job contact us contact us ask a question frequently asked questions consumer information policies and appeals terms and conditions cost of purdue net price calculator purdue university partners with the collegeboard to provide a net price calculator that helps families plan for educational costs. by following the link below and entering information, users can receive a financial aid package estimate that includes an estimated "net price" figure (estimated costs less anticipated need-based scholarship & grant aid). cost and aid estimates are based on 2015-16 figures and award rules for undergraduates and assume a student will file the free application for federal student aid (fafsa) by a march 1 priority deadline. aid estimates are based on full time undergraduate enrollment.  the collegeboard net price calculator is intended for undergraduate domestic students only. graduate students can review financial aid opportunities for graduate students at purdue. international students can explore private sources of aid for international students. this aid estimate does not represent a final determination, or actual award, of financial assistance. the aid estimate shall not be binding on the secretary of the u.s. department of education, purdue university, or the indiana commission for higher education, and may change. the student must complete the free application for federal student aid in order to be eligible for, and receive, an actual financial aid award that includes federal grant, loan, or work-study assistance under federal title iv regulations. remember this is not a financial aid application and that the data provided or estimator results are not stored by purdue university. enter information as a guest or create a login account to get started. cost of purdue net price calculator cover remaining costs polytechnic institute statewide cost calculator cost calculator communication employee portal blackboard purdue today hello 365 faq outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction services consumer information terms & conditions policies & appeals net price calculator other shop clery reporting act tuition calculator ethics & compliance speak up purdue university division of financial aid, schleman hall, room 305, 475 stadium mall drive, west lafayette, in 47907-2050, (765) 494-5050 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by division of financial aid trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact division of financial aid at facontact@purdue.edu. adobe reader microsoft office viewersfreshman scholarships - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply visit accept your offer request info undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines and important dates admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students costs and financial aid maximizing scholarship consideration to be considered for our full range of freshman scholarships, complete these three important steps by the respective deadline:  complete the admission application by november 1 (including submission of all required material). all students who complete their admission application by november 1 will be automatically considered for university-wide merit scholarships. submit purdue's supplemental scholarship application* by january 1. this application is used for a small set of academic-department scholarships, which have very specific criteria (including a financial-need component for many). submit a free application for federal student aid (fafsa) by january 1. (see more information about other need-based scholarships and the fafsa below.) *the supplemental scholarship application will be available november 1 - january 1 to all students who completed their application by november 1. no additional steps necessary freshman only scholarships $$$$ submit supplemental scholarship application and fafsa by january 1 merit & need based scholarships $$ submit individual scholarship application(s) and fafsa by january 1 scholarships with restrictive criteria $ ﻿fafsa for need-based scholarships filing a fafsa is required if you want to be considered for scholarships awarded based on financial need. the fafsa is available beginning october 1 and we strongly recommend that use use the fafsa's data retrieval tool to transfer your irs tax information directly into your fafsa.  if you plan to submit the supplemental scholarship application, be sure to file your fafsa no later than january 1. for other need-based scholarships and other financial aid, you should file a fafsa no later than march 1 costs and financial aid main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.home - fafsa on the web - federal student aid home about us fsa id studentaid.gov help englishespañol get help paying for college submit a free application for federal student aid (fafsa) new to the fafsa? returning user? make a correction add a school view your student aid report (sar), and more... . cps web applications demo system deadlines information about your deadlines. school code search find your college's school code. also find detailed information about your college. fafsa filing options learn about the other options for filing your fafsa. announcements last call for corrections! any 2015-2016 fafsa corrections must be submitted by midnight central time, september 17, 2016. once we close the window for corrections, fafsa on the web will be unavailable: sunday, september 18, from 12:55 a.m. through 4:50 a.m. et. use the irs data retrieval tool (irs drt) to update your fafsa with irs tax return information. if you have already submitted a fafsa and would like to use the irs drt, click login to start a correction. once in the fafsa, navigate to the "finances" section, where the option to use the irs drt displays for eligible students and parents. you must indicate that you have completed a federal tax return to be eligible to use the irs drt. thinking about college? use fafsa4caster to see how federal student aid can help you pay for college! check out how federal student aid can put you on a path to success. view videos on youtube or download the accessible videos site last updated: friday, july 1, 2016 due to scheduled site maintenance, fafsa on the web will be unavailable every sunday from 3 a.m. to 11 a.m. (eastern time). we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. foia| privacy| security| notices whitehouse.gov| usa.gov| ed.gov ©2010 fafsa.gov. all rights reserved. federal student aid logo, fafsa, and fafsa4caster are trademarks of the u.s. department of education.division of financial aid - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency division of financial aid menu home students students prospective students prospective students important dates: new students aviation technology distance learning graduate students international students military programs polytechnic institute statewide study abroad transfer students how to apply how to apply for aid how to complete the fafsa apply for more aid review award notice how to accept aid secure your aid summer aid how to use mypurdue mymoney website types of aid types of aid federal work-study free money free money grants scholarships income share agreement loans loans before accepting loans loan fee calculator gre fee waiver cost of purdue cost of purdue net price calculator cover remaining costs polytechnic institute statewide cost calculator cost calculator student employment student employment find a job post a job remove job contact us contact us ask a question frequently asked questions consumer information policies and appeals terms and conditions financial aid resources for your purdue education free money loans student employment mymoney blog welcome to the purdue division of financial aid we're here to help students and families find ways to eliminate financial barriers to a purdue education. to do this, we've cut the jargon — no more lawyer-speak. (well, as little as possible. if you don't understand something, just ask.) here we'll walk you through learning about types of financial aid available, how to apply for aid, how to keep your aid and — through our mymoney blog — ways to manage your finances throughout the college experience. net price calculator fafsa communication employee portal blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction services consumer information terms & conditions policies & appeals net price calculator other shop clery reporting act tuition calculator ethics & compliance speak up purdue university division of financial aid, schleman hall, room 305, 475 stadium mall drive, west lafayette, in 47907-2050, (765) 494-5050 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by division of financial aid trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact division of financial aid at facontact@purdue.edu. adobe reader microsoft office viewersresidency classification guidelines - office of the registrar - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency office of the registrar menu home faculty & staff faculty & staff reports reports reporting and cognos information validated reports list advisors advisors advisor training overrides qas for initial course participation reporting record retention recommendations grading & courses grade submission dates grades and grade reports initial course participation instructions grade questions and answers grading systems final grade submission scheduling event scheduling information event scheduling training event and classroom contacts class scheduling evening and final exam scheduling event scheduling scheduling faqs event scheduling policies student scheduling assistant classroom courtesy guidelines signature authority verification newsletter calendars registration calendars 2016-2017 academic calendar 2017-2018 academic calendar 2018-2019 academic calendar 2019-2020 academic calendar polytechnic statewide calendars polytechnic statewide calendars commencement ferpa a quick reference guide to understanding and applying ferpa ferpa basics for staff information for students & parents at purdue university certification statuses via mypurdue ferpa certification notification of rights under the family educational rights and privacy act university's access to student education records ferpa annual notification of student rights forms forms and documents form 40 - introduction page core transfer library instructions for course additions, expirations, or revision schedule type classifications paper forms request current students current students scheduling mypurdue plan mypurdueplan curriculum contacts issue log mypurdueplan training calendar degree mapping residency residency classification guidelines faq military residency information for students academic status add or drop courses change of curricula enrollment certifications enrollment certification form holds mypurdue proxy personal directory information registration add errors registration information transcripts transcript quick reference guide voter registration textbooks textbooks textbook coordinators list amazon adoption tool user guide contact registrar contacts academic and classroom scheduling contacts academic operational support contacts academic services contacts executive and departmental support contacts ferpa and residency contacts records, registration and graduation contacts curriculum and course news history of acalog and curriculog curriculog project timeline training and presentations curriculog - curriculum management system course, curriculum and catalog management system teams current students residency purdue university residency classification guidelines purpose of the residency classification guidelines purdue university enrolls domestic students from all 50 states and international students from around the world. the following residency classification guidelines have been developed to ensure that applicants for admission or enrolled students who believe they are indiana residents understand why their initial residency classification may be non-resident (or international) and that they may be required to complete a residence classification form and provide additional information to document their residency claim. why you must file a residency application as a state land-grant institution, purdue's board of trustees and the indiana state legislature require us to perform all due diligence in determining whether a student may be classified as a resident, non-resident, or international for tuition and fees. new applicants, re-entering students, and current students who claim indiana resident status where any of the following circumstances apply may be classified with an initial residency of non-resident (or international) and must file a residence classification form. the initial non-resident (or international) status will stand until the student's residency application has been approved for in-state tuition and fees: your home address is not in indiana. an educational institution you attended or graduated from is not in indiana. you are an unemancipated student (financially supported by parents or legal guardian) and your parent/guardian home address is not in indiana. you are an emancipated student (not financially supported by parents or a legal guardian) and you have not lived or worked in indiana for 12 months or more. you are not a u.s. citizen or permanent resident alien (if you are a permanent resident alien, you must have a permanent resident alien number and card). you, your spouse, partner, or parent is in indiana for limited or temporary purposes, such as education, internship or medical residency, military assignment or other temporary employment. you are an unemancipated student and a parent lives outside of the state of indiana. you graduated from a high school outside the state of indiana and have been a full-time student since moving to indiana, or have been involved in educational pursuits for the majority of time since high school graduation. there are other circumstances that may also require you to file a residency application. the above examples are not intended to be an exhaustive list. the university reserves the right to audit prospective or enrolled students at any time regarding eligibility for resident classification and to reclassify students who are classified incorrectly. residence policy for a copy of university policy pertaining to "residence classification of students for tuition purposes," please refer to the university regulations for an online version of the residence policy. united states military veterans, indiana national guard, and united states military reserves united states military and indiana national guard honorably discharged veterans and current indiana national guard members are eligible for resident tuition purposes at purdue university based on indiana senate enrolled act 177, effective july 1, 2013. please click this link to refer to purdue's general approach to sea 177 implementation and required steps for seeking eligibility for residence tuition under indiana law. residency form and filing deadlines to download a copy of the residency application for instate classification, along with a detailed instruction sheet, click on residency form (pdf). applications must be received in the office of the registrar by 5 p.m. no later than 15 business days after the first day of the term for which resident classification is sought. mail the signed and completed application, along with the requested documentation, to one of the following addresses based upon your campus location: west lafayette and polytechnic statewide students office of the registrar purdue university 610 purdue mall west lafayette, in 47907-2040 (765) 496-0509 residency@purdue.edu north central students office of the registrar 1401 south u.s. 421 40 schwarz hall westville, in 46391 (219) 785-5459 1-800-872-1231 ext.5459 fort wayne students office of the registrar 2101 coliseum blvd. east kettler hall fort wayne, in 46805 (260) 481-6815 calumet students office of the registrar 2200 169th street lawshe hall hammond, in 46323 (219) 989-2210 residency frequently asked questions to view a copy of answers to frequently asked questions about residency, click on residency faqs. residency classification guidelines faq military residency information military residency information sea 177 choice act, section 702 communication onecampus blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction services dean of students university regulations student affairs withdrawal vision and mission other shop clery reporting act tuition calculator ethics & compliance speak up purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-4600 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by office of registrar need accessibility help? for help with this page, contact office of the registrar at registrar@purdue.edu.student life - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply visit accept your offer request info undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines & dates admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students student life whether pursuing current interests or exploring new ones, students make friends and establish their on-campus community by getting involved.  athletics and recreation arts and entertainment student clubs and organizations building community campus dining vice provost for student life university calendar disability resource center housing university residences cooperative housing fraternities and sororities off-campus apartments and houses greater lafayette our community attractions events @purdueadmission instagram feed follow main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.arts and entertainment - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply visit accept your offer request info undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines & dates admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students student life arts and entertainment broadway shows. nationally and internationally recognized speakers. concerts. art galleries. student musical and theatrical performances. whether you're a fan or performer, you'll find it here. purdue convocations purdue's size and variety of performance venues allow purdue convocations to book top attractions for the campus and community. here's a glimpse the current/upcoming season. and for more than 40 years, the student concert committee has been advising convos on popular acts they and their student peers want to see. here's a who's who of performances they've brought to campus. purdue musical organizations if vocal performance is your thing, you'll want to check out purdue musical organizations. enjoy the comradery, the spotlight and possibly a pmo scholarship. purdue bands and orchestras if instrumental music is the way you lean, purdue bands & orchestras offers over 30 different ensembles, from the "all-american" marching band to jazz and symphony orchestra. bands & orchestras also awards scholarships to many of its students.  purdue theatre an academic department in the college of liberal arts, purdue theatre hosts four plays a year, which offer performance and backstage opportunities for theatre majors as well as non-majors. learn more about the current/upcoming season. scholarships are also available to students pursuing degrees in the theatre department. purdue galleries traveling exhibits as well as permanent collections are featured throughout the year in purdue galleries.  student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.athletics and recreation - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply visit accept your offer request info undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines & dates admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students student life athletics and recreation the big ten is big time for varsity athletics. but you don't have to be a world-class athlete to participate.  varsity athletics the spirit of competition lives and breathes at purdue, where many boilermaker teams enjoy the support of their own student cheer squads. from the paint crew for men's basketball to the block party for women's volleyball. division 1 athletics at its best. club and intramural sports if you're a competitive athlete you might want to check out purdue's 30+ club sports, which compete at a high level against other institutions. if you're just looking for fun and staying healthy, you can choose from among dozens of intramural sports, from inner tube water polo to basketball. recreational sports center amazing facilities and dedicated staff make the recreational sports center a bustling hub for student life. student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.building community - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply visit accept your offer request info undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines & dates admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students student life building community finding a "home" on campus — a place where you belong — is an important part of college life. you'll find your footing, make campus your own and establish lifelong friendships. here are some of the ways you can find your home at purdue. asian american and asian resource and cultural center (aaarcc) the aaarcc brings the asian and asian american experience to life through dynamic and culturally enriching resources based on education, integration and support. black cultural center (bcc) with cultural arts and festivals, performing arts ensembles, student research trips, and more, the bcc is an exceptional facility for all of campus. cooperative housing through cooperative housing, you'll find students with similar interests, including an interest in minimizing housing costs. you'll enjoy great friendships while pitching in with household chores. fraternities and sororities about 20% of purdue students "go greek," joining an organization of brothers or sisters who are committed to leadership, philanthropy and personal development. fraternities and sororities have been part of purdue student life since 1875. latino cultural center (lcc) todos son bienvenidos — all are welcome at the lcc. at the lcc, you can participate in events, educational programming and informal gatherings throughout the year. lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer (lgbtq) center purdue is among the nation's top universities for lgbt students and the lgbtq center is a big reason why we have earned that recognition. the center engages the entire purdue community with activities throughout the year while serving as a welcoming and affirming location for all, regardless of sexual orientation, gender identity or expression. native american educational and cultural center the naecc is home to native americans, alaska natives, and native hawaiian students, faculty, and staff who represent more than 45 tribal nations at purdue. the center provides educational opportunities for the community to learn about indigenous cultures. student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.clubs and activities - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply visit accept your offer request info undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines & dates admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students student life student clubs and organizations one of the great advantages of a large university is the diversity of student activities. and participating in student organizations is one of the many ways you'll be able to make your purdue experience your own — by finding you niche among students with similar interests or goals. nearly 1,000 student organizations will allow you to pursue current interests and discover new ones. explore purdue student organizations. student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.travel and lodging - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply visit accept your offer request info undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines and important dates admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates maximizing scholarship consideration fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students visit purdue make travel plans west lafayette, indiana, is conveniently located near the interstate that connects indianapolis and chicago. we're about one hour north of indianapolis and two hours south of chicago. commercial travel to west lafayette is easily accessible and lodging on and around campus is plentiful. the resources below will help you plan your trip. commercial travel services air travel - the nearest commercial airports are indianapolis international (65 miles) and chicago o’hare (140 miles) and chicago midway (130 miles). the purdue airport accommodates privately owned planes. shuttle services from airports - shuttle service is provided to and from indianapolis by lafayette limo and star of america. shuttle service to and from o’hare is provided by express air coach or by reindeer shuttle. other commercial travel - amtrak and greyhound also serve the area, stopping at a station in lafayette. from there, visitors can ride greater lafayette's citybus system to purdue (about 1.5 miles). lodging purdue is a very walkable campus and the union club hotel in the purdue memorial union is a convenient on-campus location for overnight visitors. however, there are a variety of other lodging options in the greater lafayette area. use the greater lafayette visitor's bureau website to locate other nearby hotels and campgrounds.   driving and parking recommended parking locations for admissions visit events vary based on the event. those who register for a visit through the office of admissions should refer to their visit confirmation email for event-specific driving and parking directions. for full-day visit programs on monday-friday, guests park at the north stadium parking lot. for most full-day visit programs on saturday, guests park at the grant street garage. saturday with the boilermakers is an exception -  those who arrive early enough for this football saturday program can park in the northwestern avenue garage.  for daily visits, guests park at the grant street garage. visit purdue campus map campus accessibility map time zone travel and lodging virtual tour driving and parking main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.the common application skip to login form sign in to my application don’t have an account? create an account email password need help? | forgot password? ©2016 the common application terms & conditions privacy policy system requirements your browser does not support javascript! your browser does not support javascript! your browser does not support javascript! your browser does not support javascript! your browser does not support javascript! your browser does not support javascript! your browser does not support javascript! your browser does not support javascript! your browser does not support javascript! your browser does not support javascript! your browser does not support javascript! your browser does not support javascript! your browser does not support javascript!application management this website uses scripting to enhance your browsing experience. enable javascript in your browser and then reload this website. this website uses resources that are being blocked by your network. contact your network administrator for more information. quick links quick links apply visit accept your offer request info undergraduate admissions home applying apply to purdue deadlines and important dates admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students application management the following undergraduate applications are available through this portal: returning students:  reentry (left in good standing) or readmission (dropped students) nondegree or guest students:  adult non-traditional learners or guests from other institutions dual credit:  high school students taking courses for concurrent credit in their high school distance learning students:   veterinary technology distance learning and digital education courses college of agriculture - pathway to purdue: joint program in agriculture between purdue and ivy tech - lafayetteto apply: create a user account to apply to purdue university. you will be emailed a temporary pin to access your account and create a secure password.freshman and transfer applicants apply using either the common application (available now) or the coalition application (available in fall 2016). students applying to the graduate school use the graduate school application. for help, contact the office of admissions:  admissions@purdue.edu.   returning users: log in to continue an application. first-time users: create an account to start a new application. note: to protect the privacy and security of your application, you must register your email address. once created, you may access your account at any time, using your registered email and self-selected password. main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.the graduate school - advance to a higher degree quick links   loading find info for   find info for acadamics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency the graduate school advance to a higher degree menu home academics system-wide graduate programs interdisciplinary graduate programs certificate programs course information graduate school calendars graduate school forms publications graduate programs office admissions accepting admission how to apply apply now check application status enrollment objectives faq tuition & fees graduate program requirements graduate majors preparing for grad school request info upload tips denied admission - next application fee waiver diversity office of multicultural programs alliance for graduate education and the professoriate (agep) give to multicultural programs helpful links ethnic & cultural disability resources equal opportunity purdue summer research opportunities program (srop) hbi visitation programs funding opportunities academic diversity programs international students louis stokes alliance for minority participation funding financial information featured fellowship funding tips funding opportunities fellowship resources fellowship team funding database workshops international international students info for international students office of international students and scholars international programs at purdue research national research council responsible conduct of research (rcr) explore faculty and research interests summer research programs student life 3 minute thesis services for success graduate staff benefits students with families ombuds office graduate student organizations purdue graduate student center new student convocation national research council (nrc) graduate school calendars ementoring graduate student professional development about us whom to contact staff directory information management and analysis instructions for submitting a data request graduate school calendars giving rankings & recognition featured alumni thesis/dissertation office purdue university graduate school advance to a higher degree with the purdue university graduate school! the graduate school oversees graduate education that includes more than 80 graduate programs at the west lafayette campus and nearly 30 programs at four regional campuses across the state of indiana. apply now request information current students prospective students admitted students faculty & staff news & events communication     employee portal blackboard purdue today outlook mypurdue campus     faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction services     data request calendars recruitment calendar other     policies and procedures publications forms               purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the purdue university graduate school if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact the purdue university graduate school.purdue university loading find info for find info for current students prospective students alumni & friends business with purdue careers research & partnerships quick links apply news shop visit give emergency international students & scholars home about iss our mission office hours staff directory ip at purdue faq's contact us information for parents practical training (off-campus employment) options for f-1 students click for more information. applying for undergraduate admission pre-arrival & orientation information current students international faculty, staff & scholars welcome to purdue! this year 9,230 students and more than 895 faculty and staff, representing 125 countries, are a part of the purdue boilermaker family. purdue university is proud of its rich cultural diversity. this fall semester we rank second in international student enrollment among all public united states colleges and universities. and first overall for international students majoring in stem disciplines. the office of international students and scholars (iss) is committed to the internationalization of purdue university by providing appropriate services and support to international clientele and various university departments and offices. iss seeks to enhance the academic, cultural, and social pursuits of students and scholars from abroad through knowledge and expertise in recruitment, admissions, immigration, advising, and cross-cultural programming. cultural programsiss insider enrollment & statistical reports communication employee portal blackboard purdue today mymail outlook mypurdue campus faculty & staff ais physical facilities directory campus map construction iss services international programs study abroad office of global affairs other info university residences academic advising student health center & medical insurance mobile sphere cort furniture rental purdue university, west lafayette, in 47907 (765) 494-4600 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact international students & scholars at iss@purdue.edu.non-degree students - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply visit accept your offer request info undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines & dates admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students non-degree students non-degree students if you want to take purdue undergraduate courses but aren't currently or don't plan to pursue a purdue degree, you likely are classified as an undergraduate non-degree student. there are several scenarios in which students are considered non-degree: local residents who want to take a class for personal enrichment guest college students attending other institutions who want to transfer the credit back to their college high school students who are taking a purdue course while still in high school students taking a purdue dual-credit course at high school that participates in the purdue dual-credit program if you've earned a purdue degree and want to continue taking purdue classes, you should apply as a re-entry student. most non-degree students may take no more than seven credit hours per academic term. the only exception to this is limit is guest college students. high school students should exhaust academic options at their school before pursuing purdue courses as a non-degree student. applying and admissions criteria  you should submit your application and required material as soon as possible, but no later than the monday prior to the first week of classes.  complete the purdue application. pay the non-refundable application fee ($60 unless eligible for a fee waiver). submit an official transcript from your most recent college or high school.  high school students if you're a high school student, you must be at least 16 years old and have completed your sophomore year. complete a high school non-degree permission form, which must be signed by a parent/guardian and a school official; this is in addition to providing your official high school transcript. you may enroll in a maximum of seven credit hours per academic term. home-schooled students need to demonstrate they cannot take the desired course(s) at a local high school or community college. international students purdue requires all international applicants from a non-english-speaking countries to provide an english proficiency test score. financial aid non-degree students are not eligible for financial aid. admitted non-degree students once admitted, you should contact the office of the registrar for your registration pin, which will allow you to register for classes online. the registrar's office can also provide additional information, such as course prerequisites, withdrawing, etc. some courses are closed to non-degree students. as a non-degree student, you will receive purdue course credit and a grade. if you decide to enroll at purdue as a degree-seeking student at a later date, the credit may be applied to your plan of study, depending on degree program in which you're enrolled. grades earned as a non-degree are included in your permanent purdue gpa. continuing as a non-degree student if you plan to take non-degree courses in future terms (without a gap of three or more terms between courses), you just need to contact the registrar's office each term for a new registration pin. there is a hierarchy to the schedule for class registration and non-degree students are in last group to register. view the registration schedule.  if you don't take classes at purdue west lafayette for three consecutive semesters (including summer term), you must apply again as a non-degree student. if you've taken courses at another institution since completion of your last purdue course, you'll need to provide up-to-date transcripts. high school students must submit a new permission form and high school transcript each semester.     non-degree students  high school non-degree permission form course registration schedule main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families high school counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.re-entry students - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links request info visit apply application status accept your offer undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines & dates check your application status admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students re-entry students re-entry students you are classified as a re-entry student if you meet one of the following descriptions: you previously attended purdue west lafayette, left in good academic standing and want to return after having been away for more than two consecutive semesters.* you completed a bachelor's degree at purdue west lafayette more than two semesters ago and want to take undergraduate courses as a non-degree student or want to pursue an additional undergraduate degree.  *if you're returning and have not been away for more than two semesters, you may contact your academic advisor to initiate reentry. if you want to re-enter in a major you weren't enrolled in previously, you will need to meet the change of degree objective (codo) requirements for the major you want. if have a purdue bachelor degree and want to apply for a teacher licensure program, contact the office of professional preparation and licensure (oppl) before applying. they will complete the required transcript evaluation and advise you on the appropriate teacher licensure major to select. contact oppl at 765-494-2345 or licensure@purdue.edu. reentry students requirements complete the purdue application. if you completed courses at another college or university after leaving purdue, you must provide official transcripts there is no application fee for re-entry students you should complete the re-entry application and provide all necessary documents as soon as possible, no later than the monday before classes start.  additional information if you have holds on your purdue account, you will not be admitted until the holds are resolved. once you're admitted, check out the the admitted students next steps website.   reentry admitted student next steps course registration schedule main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families high school counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.how to apply for readmission - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply visit accept your offer request info undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines & dates admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students readmission how to apply for readmission step 1: review the readmission application checklist (pdf: 215kb) and complete all of the preparation steps. step 2: thoroughly review the readmission procedures. step 3: contact the college or school (pdf: 751kb) to which you wish to be readmitted. step 4: know the deadlines for submitting your readmission application. step 5: apply for readmission. helpful resources/information change of degree objective (codo) office of credit evaluation (transfer credit assessment) division of financial aid office of the registrar academic renewal career testing center for career opportunities readmission main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families high school counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.veterinary technology distance program - college of veterinary medicine - purdue university quick links   powered by find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency college of veterinary medicine home about pvm about pvm values & culture awards & recognition visiting pvm academic & research departments basic medical sciences comparative pathobiology veterinary clinical sciences administration offices advancement alumni relations diversity and inclusion engagement international programs lifelong learning media, instructional & information technology public affairs student services veterinary medicine extension education all academic programs graduate & postgraduate programs internship & residency programs student services doctor of veterinary medicine (dvm) program admission, preparation, and academic requirements information veterinary scholars program veterinary technology program on campus program distance learning program other learning programs continuing education courses p-12 education programs transcript request research office of research home signature research programs research centers shared research facilities veterinary clinical trials grant proposals and funding hospital & diagnostic services hospital home about our hospital small animal hospital large animal hospital information for veterinarians emergencies diagnostic lab home centaur equine speciality hospital - shelbyville alumni & friends pvm alumni relations purdue veterinary alumni association alumni awards events at national conferences giving apply to pvm admissions information veterinary medicine (dvm) veterinary technology - on campus veterinary technology - distance learning boiler vet camp veterinary technology distance learning veterinary technology distance learning the veterinary technology distance learning program is a science based veterinary nursing program offering an associate of applied science degree. the veterinary technology distance learning (vtdl) program at purdue university is designed to allow a student to gain the knowledge, information, and skills necessary to practice as a veterinary technician. fully accredited by the american veterinary medical association since 2002 typically, most students who complete the vtdl... are already employed with a veterinarian enjoy their job working with a veterinarian and plan to continue working with them are willing to make a long-term commitment to develop the skills and acquire the extensive knowledge required to be a veterinary technician distance learning students must... maintain self-motivation and self-discipline set own pace for learning manage time effectively be a self-learner/discoverer set aside time for studying study time formula: study time is considered the time spent after initial retrieval of information 1 credit hour = minimum of 3 study hours per week (some content may require more hours of study time) most vtdl students report spending 4 - 6 study hours per credit hour per week admission requirements and procedures applicants who reside in kentucky cannot be considered for admission to the veterinary technology distance learning program. purdue does not have a current distance education state authorization agreement allowing clinicals to be completed with these states and cannot admit students who reside in these locations to a purdue distance program at this time. this exception does not apply to purdue’s on-campus veterinary technology programs. high school graduation or equivalent (high school transcript required) if you have a high school equivalency, we need both equivalency score report and the previous high school transcript. minimum high school subject matter prerequisites (deficiencies may be made up with college-level courses, one 100-level or higher college course counts as two high school semesters) science - 6 semester (2 must be biology and 2 chemistry) english - 8 semester academic math - 6 semesters (view a list of college-prep math courses) applicants must be 18 years of age prior to entering clinical courses sat or act scores the requirement for test scores is waived if the applicant has 24 graded hours in college or is 23 or older. click to apply for admission program information program curriculum and fees curriculum the curriculum for vtdl contains 35 didactic courses and 17 clinical mentorships. click here for a curriculum overview, suggested plans of study, and fees. the vtdl program is a part-time program and cannot be taken full-time. financial aid financial aid eligibility is limited. click here for vtdl specific financial aid information. visit the purdue division of financial aid for how to apply for financial aid and important dates. the vtdl program is not an eligible program for 21st century scholars. visit student success at purdue for military and veteran student program information current fees for current fees, click here. proctor information a proctor is the person who insures exam security. the vtdl communicates with the proctor the necessary information for the student to complete course exams. proctor must be a licensed veterinarian, a credentialed veterinary technician (rvt, lvt, cvt), or a practicing teacher in a school, college, or university proctor may not be a spouse or relative proctor must have high speed internet connection available click here for information on the roles of the proctor or mentor. transferring credits the program contains 70 credit hours for graduation. of these 70 credit hours, 62 are specific to the veterinary technology program. the 8 that you may transfer in break down as follows: 3 hours of freshman english composition, 2 hours of elective credits and 3 hours of an introductory animal agriculture course. completing the program historically vtdl students who maintain their employment status and family life will take an average of 4-5 years to complete the program in a part-time status. while this may seem to be a long time, it is the same effort that the on-campus students log in their intensive program. on-campus students are in class, labs, and rotations from 7:30 am until 4:30 pm five days a week. dl students are typically unable to make that kind of time commitment because of their life/job situation, and thus it is important for dl students to remember that they are going to need to take this curriculum at a slower pace to prevent significant disruption of their other obligations and responsibilities, and to prevent their inability to meet the academic load. students not residing in the united states it is essential that students learn techniques that are considered state of the art of veterinary medicine. all veterinary facilities must meet the requirements for clinical mentorship facilities. see information above about the clinical mentorship experience. click here to view frequently asked questions (faqs). vtdl program home current students recently admitted students frequently asked questions distance learning student features click for more info contact the vt office veterinary technology home on-campus program additional links blackboard purdue webmail itap technical support mypurdue communication employee portal blackboard purdue today hello 365 faq outlook mypurdue campus faculty & staff purdue careers physical facilities directory campus map construction education veterinary medicine veterinary technology graduate programs continuing education vpmp p-12 programs resources intranet pvm careers pvm directory veterinary medical library veterinary teaching hospital wellness purdue university college of veterinary medicine, 625 harrison street, west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-7607 © 2016 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by pvm web communications if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact pvm web communications at vetwebteam@purdue.edu.digital and professional education - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency digital and professional educationmake the world move forward menu home graduate graduate - main master's and phd programs licensure and certificates licensure programs certificate programs individual courses individual courses pk-12 for teachers and educators undergraduate undergraduate - main undergraduate degree programs pwl courses icn courses individual courses individual courses evening courses non-degree credit courses advisor information advisor information advisor faq professional development faculty resources student resources request information digital education a portal to your digital and professional education needs testing center online undergraduate courses online degrees and certificates purdue next digital education a portal to your digital and professional education needs. digital and professional education provides an extensive array of continuing education, professional development, and workforce training opportunities. we offer classes throughout the year, including evenings and weekends on the west lafayette campus, at off-campus locations, and online students around the world. course | program development digital education news action plan for digital education communication employee portal blackboard purdue today office 365 outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction services staff remission blackboard libraries itap center for healthy living clery reporting act other shop tuition calculator ethics & compliance speak up environmental health & public safety purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-4600 © purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by it application services trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact it application services at itap@purdue.edu.pathway to purdue home   eligibility & enrolling cost & financial aid request enrollment ivy tech application purdue application pathway to purdue pathway to purdue is a partnership between the purdue university college of agriculture and ivy tech community college-lafayette designed to help make higher education even more accessible to indiana students. the program allows ivy tech students to co-enroll at purdue in preparation for an undergraduate degree in the college of agriculture. pathway students will take courses simultaneously at both institutions with the goal of earning a bachelor of science degree in agriculture from purdue. students will participate in activities to support their academic development and have all the benefits of full-time students at both institutions. on the purdue campus that includes access to libraries, student housing, recreational facilities (for an additional fee), computer labs, student organizations, and athletic events. the program serves approximately 30 students each year. at this time, pathway to purdue is limited to students who wish to study agriculture. it is also only available through the ivy tech - lafayette and purdue university - west lafayette. pathway students will take the majority of their general education courses as full-time students at ivy tech. concurrently, they will take at least one course each fall and spring semester as non-degree-seeking students at purdue. transportation pathway students who live in purdue student residences will have access to residence hall parking permits as well as free access to greater lafayette's citybus public transportation system. transferring to purdue criteria for a pathway student to transfer from ivy tech to purdue: complete the requirements for an associate degree in agriculture at ivy tech submit a final high school transcript submit a final ivy tech transcript submit any additional transcripts from other institutions attended since high school graduation earn a cumulative 2.5 gpa or better (some purdue agriculture majors may require a higher gpa.) earn at least a 2.0 grade in each course at each institution complete four purdue agriculture courses on the west lafayette campus meet high school subject matter expectations while pathway students must apply for admission to purdue as transfer students, they will not need to pay an application fee. if students meet all of the criteria above, admission into purdue's college of agriculture is guaranteed. once transferred, a student pays purdue’s tuition rates and receives financial aid from purdue. purdue agricultural majors while most of the purdue agriculture majors work with the plan as described above, there are some that are more difficult to transfer into from ivy tech. it is not advisable to use the pathway to purdue program to transfer into the following majors: agricultural engineering - xeag biological and food process engineering - bfpe biological engineering - bien environmental and natural resources engineering - enre fisheries and aquatic sciences - faqs forestry - fors wildlife - wldl the following programs may work with the pathway to purdue with careful course selection during the first two years. please contact the purdue department advisor for guidance: landscape architecture - larc natural resources planning and decision making - nrpl purdue university office of admissions peg wier (765) 494-1271 email us college of agriculture anneliese kay (765) 494-8205 email us purdue bursar tuition payments askbursar@purdue.edu 765-494-7570 ivy tech community college office of admissions madison delks (765) 269-5247 email us agriculture andrea l. schwartz (765) 269-5467 email us ivy tech financial aid 765-269-5200 © 2012 purdue university & ivy tech community college. www.purdue.edu   www.ivytech.edupurdue dual credit - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply visit accept your offer request info undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines & dates admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students transfer credit purdue dual credit program purdue university offers a dual credit program for superior high school students who desire and are prepared for more advanced work. through the program students begin college work in high school, which allows them to fulfill high school requirements while preparing for college admission and success as well as earning college credit. one of the benefits of taking dual credit courses in the high school is the tuition assistance program. tuition fees for the dual credit enrollment program are $25 per credit hour with no additional fees. one 3-4 credit hour dual credit course will cost $75-$100 compared to more than $1,000 for the comparable course taught on purdue's campus. typically, the cost of books is included in the high school's book rental. students taking dual credit courses in their high school who qualify for free/reduced lunch receive 100% tuition assistance. information for students and parents information for high schools, teachers and counselors transfer credit apply now dual credit admission criteria purdue dual credit partners dual credit calendar - purdue polytechnic institute statewide high school nondegree permission form main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families high school counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.cost calculator - division of financial aid - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency division of financial aid menu home students students prospective students prospective students important dates: new students aviation technology distance learning graduate students international students military programs polytechnic institute statewide study abroad transfer students how to apply how to apply for aid how to complete the fafsa apply for more aid review award notice how to accept aid secure your aid summer aid how to use mypurdue mymoney website types of aid types of aid federal work-study free money free money grants scholarships income share agreement loans loans before accepting loans loan fee calculator gre fee waiver cost of purdue cost of purdue net price calculator cover remaining costs polytechnic institute statewide cost calculator cost calculator student employment student employment find a job post a job remove job contact us contact us ask a question frequently asked questions consumer information policies and appeals terms and conditions cost of purdue cost calculator if you plan to enroll less than full-time, in a professional program, or your housing or residency status changes, you have come to the right place to estimate your costs. choose the option that applies to you from each category, then click "find cost" to see an estimate per semester. a total for both semester of the academic year is also calculated at the bottom. the figures provided are estimates and are subject to change. tuition and fees are direct costs. housing and food is a direct cost for students living on campus in a residence hall, but it is an indirect cost for students living off campus in an apartment, sorority or fraternity, or at home. books, transportation, and miscellaneous expenses are indirect costs. purdue only bills for direct costs. class standing undergraduate graduate veterinary medicine doctor of pharmacy residency status resident of indiana non-resident of indiana housing plans on campus off campus commuting enrollment status p1 p2 p3 p4 33 weeks/11 blocks p4 36 weeks/12 blocks p4 39 weeks/13 blocks p1 full time p1 half time p1 less than half time p2/p3/p4 6 modules p2/p3/p4 7 modules p2/p3/p4 8 modules p2/p3/p4 9 modules full time three-quarter time half time less than half time find cost please use a browser other than internet explorer for optimal viewing. tuition housing and food books transportation miscellaneous fall semester total spring semester total semester total year total year total year total null null null null null null null null null null null cost of purdue net price calculator cover remaining costs polytechnic institute statewide cost calculator cost calculator communication employee portal blackboard purdue today hello 365 faq outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction services consumer information terms & conditions policies & appeals net price calculator other shop clery reporting act tuition calculator ethics & compliance speak up purdue university division of financial aid, schleman hall, room 305, 475 stadium mall drive, west lafayette, in 47907-2050, (765) 494-5050 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by division of financial aid trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact division of financial aid at facontact@purdue.edu. adobe reader microsoft office viewersnet price calculator - division of financial aid - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for academics admissions current students athletics about careers prospective students research and partnerships quick links apply news president shop visit give emergency division of financial aid menu home students students prospective students prospective students important dates: new students aviation technology distance learning graduate students international students military programs polytechnic institute statewide study abroad transfer students how to apply how to apply for aid how to complete the fafsa apply for more aid review award notice how to accept aid secure your aid summer aid how to use mypurdue mymoney website types of aid types of aid federal work-study free money free money grants scholarships income share agreement loans loans before accepting loans loan fee calculator gre fee waiver cost of purdue cost of purdue net price calculator cover remaining costs polytechnic institute statewide cost calculator cost calculator student employment student employment find a job post a job remove job contact us contact us ask a question frequently asked questions consumer information policies and appeals terms and conditions cost of purdue net price calculator purdue university partners with the collegeboard to provide a net price calculator that helps families plan for educational costs. by following the link below and entering information, users can receive a financial aid package estimate that includes an estimated "net price" figure (estimated costs less anticipated need-based scholarship & grant aid). cost and aid estimates are based on 2015-16 figures and award rules for undergraduates and assume a student will file the free application for federal student aid (fafsa) by a march 1 priority deadline. aid estimates are based on full time undergraduate enrollment.  the collegeboard net price calculator is intended for undergraduate domestic students only. graduate students can review financial aid opportunities for graduate students at purdue. international students can explore private sources of aid for international students. this aid estimate does not represent a final determination, or actual award, of financial assistance. the aid estimate shall not be binding on the secretary of the u.s. department of education, purdue university, or the indiana commission for higher education, and may change. the student must complete the free application for federal student aid in order to be eligible for, and receive, an actual financial aid award that includes federal grant, loan, or work-study assistance under federal title iv regulations. remember this is not a financial aid application and that the data provided or estimator results are not stored by purdue university. enter information as a guest or create a login account to get started. cost of purdue net price calculator cover remaining costs polytechnic institute statewide cost calculator cost calculator communication employee portal blackboard purdue today hello 365 faq outlook mypurdue campus faculty and staff careers physical facilities directory campus map construction services consumer information terms & conditions policies & appeals net price calculator other shop clery reporting act tuition calculator ethics & compliance speak up purdue university division of financial aid, schleman hall, room 305, 475 stadium mall drive, west lafayette, in 47907-2050, (765) 494-5050 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by division of financial aid trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact division of financial aid at facontact@purdue.edu. adobe reader microsoft office viewerspurdue university :: find your counselor quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links request info visit apply application status accept your offer undergraduate admissions menu home applying applying to purdue deadlines & dates check your application status admissions documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates maximizing scholarship consideration fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and culture athletics building community clubs and activities visit purdue visit purdue travel and lodging admitted students contact admissions admissions counselors admissions counselor let's talk. if you're ready to explore your future we're here to help. student type: high school student transfer student international student state: please select a state alabama alaska arizona arkansas california colorado connecticut delaware district of columbia florida georgia hawaii idaho illinois indiana iowa kansas kentucky louisiana maine maryland massachusetts michigan minnesota mississippi missouri montana nebraska nevada new hampshire new jersey new mexico new york north carolina north dakota ohio oklahoma oregon pennsylvania puerto rico rhode island south carolina south dakota tennessee texas utah vermont virginia washington west virginia wisconsin wyoming county: please select a county alameda alpine amador butte calaveras colusa contra costa del norte el dorado fresno glenn humboldt imperial inyo kern kings lake lassen los angeles madera marin mariposa mendocino merced modoc mono monterey napa nevada orange placer plumas riverside sacramento san benito san bernardino san diego san francisco san joaquin san luis obispo san mateo santa barbara santa clara santa cruz shasta sierra siskiyou solano sonoma stanislaus sutter tehama trinity tulare tuolumne ventura yolo yuba benton county: please select a county adams alexander bond boone brown bureau calhoun carroll cass champaign christian clark clay clinton coles cook crawford cumberland dekalb dewitt douglas dupage edgar edwards effingham fayette ford franklin fulton gallatin greene grundy hamilton hancock hardin henderson henry iroquois jackson jasper jefferson jersey jo daviess johnson kane kankakee kendall knox lake lasalle lawrence lee livingston logan macon macoupin madison marion marshall mason massac mcdonough mchenry mclean menard mercer monroe montgomery morgan moultrie ogle peoria perry piatt pike pope pulaski putnam randolph richland rock island saline sangamon schuyler scott shelby st. clair stark stephenson tazewell union vermillion wabash warren washington wayne white whiteside will williamson winnebago woodford county: please select a county adams allen bartholomew benton blackford boone brown carroll cass clark clay clinton crawford daviess dearborn decatur dekalb delaware dubois elkhart fayette floyd fountain franklin fulton gibson grant greene hamilton hancock harrison hendricks henry howard huntington jackson jasper jay jefferson jennings johnson knox kosciusko lagrange lake laporte lawrence madison marion marshall martin miami monroe montgomery morgan newton noble ohio orange owen parke perry pike porter posey pulaski putnam randolph ripley rush st. joseph scott shelby spencer starke steuben sullivan switzerland tippecanoe tipton union vanderburgh vermillion vigo wabash warren warrick washington wayne wells white whitley amanda wulle assistant director, new york city regional representative anthony (aj) frigo assistant director barbara bower assistant director brad needler senior assistant director brooke huser assistant director gail polizzi assistant director, atlanta area representative ja'niah downing senior assistant director of admissions for diversity and inclusion james crawley iii assistant director kariny contreras-nuñez assistant director mary ward assistant director, chicago regional representative mary henry communications manager, enrollment management matt chupp senior assistant director megan creek assistant director megan dorton senior associate director mike borovsky assistant director, chicago regional representative mitch warren director of admissions peg wier associate director, transfer specialist rob mate senior assistant director samantha tapia senior assistant director sara sawrie assistant director, northern california regional representative sara yelich assistant director sarah zoll assistant director, new jersey regional representative sherrill landorf assistant director, dallas/fort worth area representative susie saberniak senior assistant director - national outreach tara evans associate director, indianapolis todd iler senior assistant director tracy alexander assistant director zach black assistant director main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families high school counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.purdue web authentication you have asked to login to: https://wl.mypurdue.purdue.edu/c/portal/login log in using your purdue career account login: password: to access the page you are requesting, a valid purdue university career account username and password must be provided. forgot your password? note: unauthorized access or misuse of computer resources or disclosure of sensitive information may result in disciplinary or legal action. read purdue's acceptable use policy. for security reasons, please logout and close your web browser once you have finished your session. send inquiries or comments to itap@purdue.edu purdue university, west lafayette, in 47907 usa, (765) 494-4600 © 2015 purdue university. an equal access, equal opportunity university. if you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact the csc at itap@purdue.edu or (765) 494-4000.contact admissions - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply visit accept your offer request info undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines & dates admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students contact admissions contact admissions purdue university office of admissions schleman hall of student services 475 stadium mall drive west lafayette, in 47907-2050 phone: 765-494-1776 hearing impaired: 1-800-743-3333 fax: 765-494-0544 email: admissions@purdue.edu contact admissions find your counselor get on our mailing list inside purdue admissions international students & scholars graduate admissions main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.security check required facebook email or phone password forgot account? sign up security check please enter the text below can't read the text above? try another text or an audio captcha text in the box: what's this? security checkthis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.submit english (us) español français (france) 中文(简体) العربية português (brasil) italiano 한국어 deutsch हिन्दी 日本語 sign up log in messenger facebook lite mobile find friends badges people pages places games locations celebrities groups moments about create ad create page developers careers privacy cookies ad choices terms help settings activity log facebook © 2016purdue admissions (@purdueadmission) | twitter home moments search query search twitter saved searches remove verified account @ suggested users verified account @ verified account @ language: english bahasa indonesia bahasa melayu català čeština dansk deutsch english uk español filipino français hrvatski italiano magyar nederlands norsk polski português română slovenčina suomi svenska tiếng việt türkçe ελληνικά български език русский српски українська мова עִבְרִית العربية فارسی मराठी हिन्दी বাংলা ગુજરાતી தமிழ் ಕನ್ನಡ ภาษาไทย 한국어 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 have an account? log in have an account? remember me · forgot password? new to twitter? sign up purdue admissions @purdueadmission tweets 1,619 following 369 followers 3,883 likes 589 lists 2   more likes lists unmute @purdueadmission mute @purdueadmission follow following unfollow blocked unblock pending cancel purdue admissions @purdueadmission purdue’s office of admissions is tweeting to encourage a new generation of boilermakers by showcasing accomplishments and de-mystifying the admissions process! west lafayette, in admissions.purdue.edu joined february 2009 301 photos and videos photos and videos tweets tweets tweets & replies media @purdueadmission is blocked are you sure you want to view these tweets? viewing tweets won't unblock @purdueadmission. view tweets close purdue admissions followed purdue admissions ‏ @purdueadmission sep 12 our friends at @johndeere made quite an arrival to campus - think we can take a spin?pic.twitter.com/tj14orbknw 0 retweets 8 likes reply retweet retweeted like 8 liked 8 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue admissions ‏ @purdueadmission sep 9 honors college. an indiana first - academic residential college. brightest minds. coolest floors. #officialopeningpic.twitter.com/cksxhmurkq 3 retweets 2 likes reply retweet 3 retweeted 3 like 2 liked 2 more copy link to tweet embed tweet embed video purdue admissions ‏ @purdueadmission sep 8 krannert school of management among the world’s top 100 business schools by @ceoworld #gokrannert #onlypurduehttp://bit.ly/2c10qk6  1 retweet 2 likes reply retweet 1 retweeted 1 like 2 liked 2 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue admissions retweeted mitch daniels ‏ @purduemitch sep 1 a big day as nih dir francis collins,one of us' great scientists,came by to see the lab where pu researchers characterized the zika virus. 26 retweets 72 likes reply retweet 26 retweeted 26 like 72 liked 72 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue admissions ‏ @purdueadmission aug 30 purdue admissions retweeted colin there are so many resources to help students succeed. follow #purduecolin on his boilermaker journey! #onlypurduehttps://twitter.com/willeemix/status/768872764975542272 … purdue admissions added, colin @willeemix they said go to office hours, so here i am... #purduecolin pic.twitter.com/ndxvynlw6a 1 retweet 2 likes reply retweet 1 retweeted 1 like 2 liked 2 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue admissions ‏ @purdueadmission aug 17 purdue admissions retweeted makenzie bishop what's purdue really like? get a sneak peek - follow #purduemakenziehttps://twitter.com/makenziebishop5/status/766028925902450688 … purdue admissions added, makenzie bishop @makenziebishop5 excited to share my first year as a boilermaker with all of you! follow my hashtag all year! #purduemakenzie @purdueadmission @purduelibarts 0 retweets 0 likes reply retweet retweeted like liked more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue admissions retweeted makenzie bishop ‏ @makenziebishop5 aug 15 all moved in! so excited for bgr! #purduemakenzie @purduelibarts @purdueadmissionpic.twitter.com/lpa17dmw1q 2 retweets 17 likes reply retweet 2 retweeted 2 like 17 liked 17 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue admissions ‏ @purdueadmission aug 11 hey indiana hs counselors! we're heading your way! register for breakfast/info session all about purdue admissions. http://bit.ly/2bllicu  0 retweets 1 like reply retweet retweeted like 1 liked 1 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue admissions retweeted mitch daniels ‏ @purduemitch aug 10 david and steele, as if we weren't already proud enough, then you come through with this!!https://youtu.be/idrmh0og7ts  77 retweets 218 likes reply retweet 77 retweeted 77 like 218 liked 218 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue admissions retweeted u.s. olympic team ‏ @teamusa aug 8 #silver ! @davidboudia & @steele_johnson win their first medal as a pair! congrats @usadiving! pic.twitter.com/fspfkvis27 steele johnson, david boudia and usa diving 781 retweets 2,143 likes reply retweet 781 retweeted 781 like 2.1k liked 2.1k more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue admissions retweeted purdue university ‏ @lifeatpurdue aug 6 rt @purdueme: congratulations @lifeatpurdue graduates!pic.twitter.com/4uab8kq5za purdue mechengineers 10 retweets 29 likes reply retweet 10 retweeted 10 like 29 liked 29 more copy link to tweet embed tweet embed video purdue admissions retweeted purdue u. news ‏ @purdueunivnews aug 5 today we remember the first man on the moon & @purduealumni neil armstrong on his birthday @nasapic.twitter.com/w3lcplywfd 28 retweets 38 likes reply retweet 28 retweeted 28 like 38 liked 38 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue admissions ‏ @purdueadmission aug 3 purdue admissions retweeted purdue u. news a big boilermaker thank you to john purdue!https://twitter.com/purdueunivnews/status/760856007585042433 … purdue admissions added, purdue u. news @purdueunivnews did you catch @lifeatpurdue on @jeopardy last night? pic.twitter.com/cvadudpvmh 1 retweet 6 likes reply retweet 1 retweeted 1 like 6 liked 6 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue admissions ‏ @purdueadmission aug 1 the common app is live! let's go! http://bit.ly/2ak9uel  #commonapp #onlypurduepic.twitter.com/gphqwfzwqy 4 retweets 12 likes reply retweet 4 retweeted 4 like 12 liked 12 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue admissions ‏ @purdueadmission aug 1 purdue admissions retweeted purdue liberal arts wow and ka-pow!https://twitter.com/purduelibarts/status/759572728944877568 … purdue admissions added, purdue liberal arts @purduelibarts associate prof. @rgay is becoming first black woman to pen a @marvel #comic book. #creativewriting @purdue_english http://www.jconline.com/story/news/college/2016/07/30/roxane-gay-writes-marvel-comic/87524218/ … 0 retweets 2 likes reply retweet retweeted like 2 liked 2 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue admissions ‏ @purdueadmission jul 27 purdue admissions retweeted purdue krannert become a boilermaker and you'll be part of one of the most impressive alumni networks in the country.https://twitter.com/purduekrannert/status/758286925203660800 … purdue admissions added, purdue krannert @purduekrannert krannert alum dave ricks to take the helm as chairman and ceo of eli lilly & co. @lillypad http://bit.ly/2apydan  pic.twitter.com/ijssg0sswe 1 retweet 1 like reply retweet 1 retweeted 1 like 1 liked 1 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue admissions ‏ @purdueadmission jul 27 purdue admissions retweeted purdue mechengineers buckle up. purdue is the ride of your life.https://twitter.com/purdueme/status/758270107512672256 … purdue admissions added, 0:52 purdue mechengineers @purdueme . @lifeatpurdue can be a rollercoaster... so @purdueadmission and @jfrhoads helped high school students experience it pic.twitter.com/6us7gajygg 0 retweets 0 likes reply retweet retweeted like liked more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue admissions ‏ @purdueadmission jul 26 want to earn your communications degree in 3 years? check it out: http://bit.ly/2augtit  #onlypurduepic.twitter.com/y4x115semc 1 retweet 3 likes reply retweet 1 retweeted 1 like 3 liked 3 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue admissions retweeted purdue university ‏ @lifeatpurdue jul 24 today we remember amelia earhart and cherish the time she spent here at purdue. #ameliaearhartday (c/o purdue lib.)pic.twitter.com/getgtxcdt4 103 retweets 220 likes reply retweet 103 retweeted 103 like 220 liked 220 more copy link to tweet embed tweet purdue admissions ‏ @purdueadmission jul 21 purdue admissions retweeted purdue today indiana legend. boilermaker legend. #onlypurduehttps://twitter.com/purduetoday/status/756193059625250816 … purdue admissions added, purdue today @purduetoday . @purduemitch to be honored as an indiana living legend @indianahistory https://twitter.com/purdueunivnews/status/756179214953357313 … 0 retweets 1 like reply retweet retweeted like 1 liked 1 more copy link to tweet embed tweet @purdueadmission hasn't tweeted yet. back to top ↑ loading seems to be taking a while. twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. try again or visit twitter status for more information. new to twitter? sign up now to get your own personalized timeline! sign up you may also like · refresh west lafayette, in © 2016 twitter about help terms privacy cookies ads info close choose a trend location dismiss close previous next close go to a person's profile saved searches remove verified account @ suggested users verified account @ verified account @ close retweet this to your followers? optional comment for retweet     saved searches remove verified account @ suggested users verified account @ verified account @ 140 retweet tweet close are you sure you want to delete this tweet? cancel delete close promote this tweet close block cancel block add a location to your tweets when you tweet with a location, twitter stores that location. you can switch location on/off before each tweet and always have the option to delete your location history. learn more turn location on not now close profile summary close your lists close create a new list list name description under 100 characters, optional privacy public · anyone can follow this list private · only you can access this list save list close this conversation includes these people close copy link to tweet the url of this tweet is below. copy it to easily share with friends. close embed this tweet embed this video add this tweet to your website by copying the code below. learn more add this video to your website by copying the code below. learn more hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. try again? include parent tweet include media preview close log in to twitter remember me · forgot password? don't have an account? sign up » close sign up for twitter not on twitter? sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen. sign up have an account? log in » close two-way (sending and receiving) short codes: country code for customers of united states 40404 (any) canada 21212 (any) united kingdom 86444 vodafone, orange, 3, o2 brazil 40404 nextel, tim haiti 40404 digicel, voila ireland 51210 vodafone, o2 india 53000 bharti airtel, videocon, reliance indonesia 89887 axis, 3, telkomsel, indosat, xl axiata italy 4880804 wind 3424486444 vodafone » see sms short codes for other countries close confirmation close   close close buy now close buy now hmm... something went wrong. please try again. next tweet from userpurdue admissions
 - youtube skip navigation upload sign in search purdue university videos playlists channels discussion about home trending history best of youtube music sports gaming movies tv shows news live spotlight 360° video browse channels sign in now to see your channels and recommendations! sign in youtube red watch queue queue watch queuequeue remove all disconnect loading... watch queue queue __count__/__total__ social @ purdue purdue university subscribesubscribedunsubscribe10,914 loading... loading... working... home videos playlists channels discussion about ► play all purdue admissions purdue university 30 videos 25,021 views last updated on aug 12, 2016 play all share loading... save sign in to youtube sign in play next play now 'i lived' tribute to future boilermakers by lexi hiland 4:07 play next play now how purdue pete gets to class on time by purdue university 0:08 play next play now purdue experience by purdue university 1:26 play next play now boilermakers by purdue university 1:03 play next play now we are boilermakers by purdue university 2:24 play next play now we are purdue by purdue university 1:15 play next play now 26 questions with purdue president, mitch daniels by boiler productions 4:00 play next play now purdue university pure gold by purdue university 0:31 play next play now boilermaker special by purdue university 1:01 play next play now purdue memorial mall fountain run by purdue university 0:11 play next play now happy purdue asl club by purdueaslclub 4:03 play next play now game of thrones parody - purdue university by sam evenson 1:40 play next play now jpur stories: madison heslop by publishpurdue 3:38 play next play now btn - impact the world: gebisa ejeta by purdue university 6:33 play next play now jpur stories: patrick pawletko by publishpurdue 3:13 play next play now post-game locker room celebration by purduesports 2:25 play next play now your future in biometrics starts at purdue by purdue polytechnic institute 1:33 play next play now vomit comet -- see what aerospace engineers get up to! by purdue university 0:56 play next play now experience purdue agriculture -- maria huff by purdue agriculture 2:06 play next play now purdue latino cultural center celebrates 10 years! by purdue university-latino cultural center 3:23 play next play now welcome to the bcc by purduebcc1969 3:22 play next play now ever true: the campaign for purdue university by purdue university 3:45 play next play now amazon at purdue by purdue university 1:21 play next play now save the date for explore purdue: april 2, 2016 by purdue university 1:01 play next play now boiler tracks day by purdue university 0:48 play next play now meet rob banta by purdue university 0:55 play next play now why i love purdue libraries | i know of such places (2015 1st place winner) by tre bennett 1:19 play next play now purdue library hot spots by purdue university 0:15 play next play now where do boilermakers go after graduation? by purdue university 2:04 play next play now welcome to the class of 2020! by purdue university 2:41 language: english country: worldwide restricted mode: off history help loading... loading... loading... about press copyright creators advertise developers +youtube terms privacy policy & safety send feedback try something new! loading... working... sign in to add this to watch later add to loading playlists...purdue admissions (@purdueadmission) • instagram photos and videospurdue university on pinterest log in sign up pinterest • the world’s catalog of ideas search purdue university purdue university west lafayette, ind. · www.purdue.edu the official pinterest account of purdue university, home of the boilermakers. boiler up! 31 boards 1.7k pins 5 likes 2.9k followers 203 following oh no! pinterest doesn't work unless you turn on javascript. cea9fa472992eba7228bacab563be05bpurdue university - undergraduate admissions - daily visits this website uses scripting to enhance your browsing experience. enable javascript in your browser and then reload this website. this website uses resources that are being blocked by your network. contact your network administrator for more information. quick links quick links apply visit accept your offer request info undergraduate admissions home applying apply to purdue deadlines and important dates admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students daily visits use the calendar to the right to register for an available program during the respective month. plan your visit well in advance to ensure we have available space on your desired date. legend: available unavailable / filled not scheduled main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.parking for daily visits   - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links request info visit apply application status﻿ accept your offer undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines & dates check your application status admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students daily visit parking for daily visits arriving for your daily visit an admissions representative will greet you in the east entrance of the purdue memorial union in the welcome centre, across the street from the grant street parking garage. look for the vinyl awning above the union entryway. parking and driving directions visitor parking is available in the grant street garage. parking rates are hourly - $3 for first 60 minutes and $1 each hour for 2nd-8th hours; daily max is $10. the scheduled portion of a daily visit lasts up to three hours, although many families plan extra activities on their own. payment must be made before returning to your vehicle at a machine in the garage lobby (southwest corner of garage across from the purdue memorial union hotel entrance). there will be a cost to park in this garage on weekends, in addition to weekdays.   you may use the following address for online mapping services: grant street garage 120 n. grant street west lafayette, indiana arriving   from chicago, fort wayne, indianapolis, and south bend exit i-65 at exit 172 and proceed west (toward lafayette) on state road 26 (south street). proceed four miles to west lafayette. (be sure to follow the sr 26 signs carefully. at the intersection with main street, sr 26 will jog one block north and become columbia street.) when you cross the wabash river you are in west lafayette and are now on state street. proceed to the fourth traffic light and turn right on grant street. the grant street parking garage (pgg on campus map) will be ½ block on your right. from champaign, crawfordsville, st. louis, and terre haute exit i-70 (exit 41) or i-74 (exit 34) on u.s. 231 north. when you cross the wabash river, you are in west lafayette. at the first light, turn right onto river road. at the second light, turn left on state road 26 (state street). at the second traffic light, turn right on grant street. the grant street parking garage (pgg on campus map) will be ½ block on your right. departing exit the grant street parking garage and turn right. proceed 3 blocks to salisbury street and turn left. at the first stop light, make a hard right onto the ramp down to river road. turn right and proceed to the 2nd light (state street). do either of the following: to chicago, fort wayne, indianapolis, and south bend turn left onto state road 26 (state street) and proceed 4 miles through lafayette to i-65. a small section of state road 26 eastbound (departing campus) will be closed july 5 to august 17. use this map for detour routes. to champaign, crawfordsville, st. louis, and terre haute go straight on u.s. 231 (river road). proceed on to i-74 (crawfordsville) or i-70 (cloverdale). daily visit self-guided tour time zone travel and lodging campus map campus accessibility map main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families high school counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.daily visit agenda - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links request info visit apply application status﻿ accept your offer undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines & dates check your application status admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students daily visit daily visit agenda daily visits include a 45-minute admissions presentation with information about purdue overall as well as about applying and enrolling. most also include a 90-minute student-guided walking tour during which you'll see a variety of campus facilities. "presentation only" visits are offered when student ambassadors are unavailable and include the presentation and a short walk across campus (about one hour total). daily visit guests who want to spend more time exploring campus are encouraged to customize their day. additional information recommended attire - dress comfortably and appropriately for the weather. wear comfortable walking shoes. time zone - west lafayette is in the eastern time zone year round. in april we are on eastern daylight time. special needs or questions if you require special accommodations, contact the office of admissions. please allow us two weeks to make the appropriate arrangements. phone: 765-494-1776 hearing impaired: 800-743-3333 email: admissions@purdue.edu daily visit self-guided tour time zone travel and lodging campus map campus accessibility map main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families high school counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.customize your daily visit - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links request info visit apply application status accept your offer undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines & dates check your application status admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates freshman scholarships fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students daily visit customize your daily visit the scheduled portion of the daily visit is about 3 hours and many families want to plan additional activities to fill their day. below are suggestions you may use to customize your day at purdue. aviation and transportation technology visit opportunities if you're interested in flight and other programs within the aviation technology department, you may arrange a personalized visit with an aviation technology representative by completing an online form. college of agriculture opportunities if you're interested in agricultural, food, life and natural resources sciences, you may arrange a personalized visit with faculty and/or staff and arrange for a tour of the college of agriculture by calling 765-494-8470 or by completing an online form. learn more about college of agriculture majors. college of engineering information session  if you're interested in engineering, you may schedule an engineering information session (eis) in addition to an admissions daily visit. eis programs begin at 11:30 a.m., so be sure to choose an 8:30 a.m. or 1:30 p.m. admissions daily visit time. college of health and human sciences visit opportunities if you're interested in health, science, education, and business-related fields, you may arrange a personalized visit with the college of health and human sciences (hhs) by completing an online form. learn more about hhs majors. college of liberal arts visit opportunities if you're interested in the college of liberal arts, you may schedule a personalized visit experience with the liberal arts student recruitment office by calling 765-494-6291 or by completing an online form. college of science visit opportunities if you're interested in programs within the college of science, you may arrange a personalized visit with a science representative by completing this online form. honors college visit opportunities if you're interested in the honors college, you can schedule a visit by completing this online form. or you may contact honors college recruitment manager mindy hart at mindy@purdue.edu. krannert school of management information session if you're interested in business, you may schedule a krannert information session (kis) in addition to an admissions daily visit. kis programs begin at 11:30 a.m., so be sure to choose an 8:30 a.m. or 1:30 p.m. admissions daily visit time. purdue polytechnic institute visit opportunities if you're interested in computing, engineering technologies, and management fields, you may arrange a visit with the purdue polytechnic by completing an online form. learn more about purdue polytechnic majors. other options to customize your day attend a class. schedule a meeting with another department on campus, such as student services or academic advising. shadow a current purdue student. eat in one of purdue's award-winning dining courts. attend an on-campus event. check out educational pricing on computer equipment at the information technology at purdue (itap) shopping facility. daily visit self-guided tour time zone travel and lodging campus map campus accessibility map main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families high school counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.time zone - undergraduate admissions - purdue university quick links loading find info for find info for prospective students admitted students current students parents and families high school counselors about purdue student employment entrepreneurship and commercialization quick links apply visit accept your offer request info undergraduate admissions menu home applying apply to purdue deadlines and important dates admission documents transfer students transferring credit to purdue closed programs academics academics majors at purdue freshman class profile student enrollment faculty and courses purdue honors college learning communities resources for academic support study abroad career preparation student consumer information accreditation costs and financial aid costs and financial aid tuition and fees financial aid estimator deadlines & dates maximizing scholarship consideration fafsa division of financial aid qualifying for in-state tuition student life student life arts and entertainment athletics and recreation building community clubs and activities visit purdue visiting purdue travel and lodging admitted students visit purdue west lafayette time zone purdue university, west lafayette, indiana, is on eastern time (same time as the east coast) throughout the year. greater lafayette indiana is very close to the border of the eastern and central time zones, and sometimes campus visitors who are traveling from the central time zone are caught off guard by the time change. so, please plan ahead. visit purdue campus map campus accessibility map time zone travel and lodging virtual tour main navigation applying academics costs & financial aid student life admitted students parents & families counselors admissions resources admissions documents tuition calculator financial aid estimator university calendar admissions counselors campus directory campus resources mypurdue office 365 libraries itap campus map construction notices to do request info apply visit purdue check application status accept your offer contact us purdue university office of admissions, 475 stadium mall dr., west lafayette, in 47907, (765) 494-1776, hearing impaired only: 1-800-743-3333 © 2015 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | maintained by the office of admissions trouble with this page? disability-related accessibility issue? please contact the office of admissions at 765-494-1776 and/or admissions@purdue.edu.facebook - log in or sign up facebook email or phone password forgot account? connect with friends and the world around you on facebook. see photos and updates from friends in news feed. share what's new in your life on your timeline. find more of what you're looking for with facebook search. sign up it’s free and always will be. javascript is disabled on your browser. please enable javascript on your browser or upgrade to a javascript-capable browser to register for facebook. an error occurred. please try again. birthday monthjanfebmaraprmayjunjulaugsepoctnovdecday12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031year2016201520142013201220112010200920082007200620052004200320022001200019991998199719961995199419931992199119901989198819871986198519841983198219811980197919781977197619751974197319721971197019691968196719661965196419631962196119601959195819571956195519541953195219511950194919481947194619451944194319421941194019391938193719361935193419331932193119301929192819271926192519241923192219211920191919181917191619151914191319121911191019091908190719061905why do i need to provide my birthday? femalemale by clicking sign up, you agree to our terms and that you have read our data policy, including our cookie use. sign up security check this field is required. can't read the words below? try different words or an audio captcha. please enter the words or numbers you hear. try different words or back to text. loading... enter the text you see above. why am i seeing this? security checkthis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.   back sign up create a page for a celebrity, band or business. english (us) español français (france) 中文(简体) العربية português (brasil) italiano 한국어 deutsch हिन्दी 日本語 sign up log in messenger facebook lite mobile find friends badges people pages places games locations celebrities groups moments about create ad create page developers careers privacy cookies ad choices terms help settings activity log facebook © 2016forgot password | can't log in | facebook facebook email or phone password forgot account? find your account find your account email, phone, username or full name cancel i can't identify my account english (us) español français (france) 中文(简体) العربية português (brasil) italiano 한국어 deutsch हिन्दी 日本語 sign up log in messenger facebook lite mobile find friends badges people pages places games locations celebrities groups moments about create ad create page developers careers privacy cookies ad choices terms help settings activity log facebook © 2016sign up for facebook | facebook facebook email or phone password forgot account? sign up it’s free and always will be. javascript is disabled on your browser. please enable javascript on your browser or upgrade to a javascript-capable browser to register for facebook. an error occurred. please try again. birthday monthjanfebmaraprmayjunjulaugsepoctnovdecday12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031year2016201520142013201220112010200920082007200620052004200320022001200019991998199719961995199419931992199119901989198819871986198519841983198219811980197919781977197619751974197319721971197019691968196719661965196419631962196119601959195819571956195519541953195219511950194919481947194619451944194319421941194019391938193719361935193419331932193119301929192819271926192519241923192219211920191919181917191619151914191319121911191019091908190719061905why do i need to provide my birthday? femalemale by clicking sign up, you agree to our terms and that you have read our data policy, including our cookie use. sign up security check this field is required. can't read the words below? try different words or an audio captcha. please enter the words or numbers you hear. try different words or back to text. loading... enter the text you see above. why am i seeing this? security checkthis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.   back sign up create a page for a celebrity, band or business. english (us) español français (france) 中文(简体) العربية português (brasil) italiano 한국어 deutsch हिन्दी 日本語 sign up log in messenger facebook lite mobile find friends badges people pages places games locations celebrities groups moments about create ad create page developers careers privacy cookies ad choices terms help settings activity log facebook © 2016se requiere un control de seguridad facebook correo electrónico o teléfono contraseña ¿olvidaste tu cuenta? registrarte control de seguridad escribe el texto que aparece a continuación ¿no puedes leer este texto? inténtalo con otro texto o un captcha de audio texto que se muestra en la imagen: ¿qué es esto? control de seguridadthis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.enviar español english (us) français (france) 中文(简体) العربية português (brasil) italiano 한국어 deutsch हिन्दी 日本語 registrarte iniciar sesión messenger facebook lite celular buscar amigos insignias personas páginas lugares juegos ubicaciones famosos grupos momentos información crear anuncio crear página desarrolladores empleo privacidad cookies opciones de anuncios condiciones ayuda configuración registro de actividad facebook © 2016vérification de sécurité nécessaire facebook adresse e-mail ou mobile mot de passe informations de compte oubliées ? inscription contrôle de sécurité veuillez saisir le texte ci-dessous vous ne parvenez pas à lire le texte ci-dessus ? essayer avec d’autres caractères ou un captcha audio texte de l’encadré : qu’est-ce que c’est ? contrôle de sécuritéceci est un test de sécurité standard que nous utilisons pour empêcher la création de faux comptes destinés à envoyer des messages indésirables.envoyer français (france) english (us) español 中文(简体) العربية português (brasil) italiano 한국어 deutsch हिन्दी 日本語 inscription connexion messenger facebook lite mobile retrouver des amis badges personnes pages lieux jeux lieux célébrités groupes moments à propos créer une publicité créer une page développeurs emplois confidentialité cookies choisir sa pub conditions d’utilisation aide paramètres historique personnel facebook © 2016需要安全验证 facebook 邮箱/手机 密码 忘记帐号？ 注册 安全验证码 请输入以下文本 看不清楚上面的文字？ 换一个或播放语音验证信息 框中文字： 这是什么？ 安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾制造者创建假账户并给用户发垃圾信息。提交 中文(简体) english (us) español français (france) العربية português (brasil) italiano 한국어 deutsch हिन्दी 日本語 注册 登录 messenger facebook lite 手机 搜索好友 徽章 用户 公共主页 地点 游戏 位置 名人 小组 moments 公司简介 创建广告 创建主页 开发者 招聘信息 隐私权政策 cookie 广告选项 条款 帮助中心 设置 活动日志 facebook © 2016التحقق من الأمان مطلوب فيسبوك البريد الإلكتروني أو الهاتف كلمة السر هل نسيت الحساب؟ إنشاء حساب في فيسبوك التحقق من الأمان يرجى إدخال النص أدناه تتعذر عليك قراءة النص أعلاه؟ ‏جرب نصاً آخر‏ أو ‏تسجيل صوتي‏ يرجى كتابة النص في المربع: إدخال كلمات التأكيد المنظور. أكتب الكلمات أعلاه للمتابعة. بالإمكان أيضاً سماع الكلمات عن طريق الضغط على الرابط أعلاه." />ما هذا؟ التحقق من الأمانهذا اختبار أمان قياسي نستخدمه لمنع مرسلي البريد العشوائي من إنشاء حسابات مزيّفة وإرسال رسائل بريد عشوائي إلى المستخدمين.تقديم العربية english (us) español français (france) 中文(简体) português (brasil) italiano 한국어 deutsch हिन्दी 日本語 إنشاء حساب في فيسبوك تسجيل الدخول messenger facebook lite الهاتف المحمول بحث عن أصدقاء الشارات الأشخاص الصفحات الأماكن الألعاب المواقع المشاهير المجموعات moments حول فيسبوك إنشاء إعلان إنشاء صفحة المطوّرون الوظائف الخصوصية ملفات تعريف الارتباط اختيارات الإعلانات الشروط مساعدة الإعدادات سجل النشاطات facebook © 2016verificação de segurança necessária facebook email ou telefone senha esqueceu a conta? cadastre-se verificação de segurança insira o texto abaixo não é possível ler o texto acima? tente outro texto ou um captcha sonoro texto da caixa: o que é isso? verificação de segurançaeste é um teste de segurança padrão que usamos para evitar que contas falsas sejam criadas e enviem spams aos usuários.enviar português (brasil) english (us) español français (france) 中文(简体) العربية italiano 한국어 deutsch हिन्दी 日本語 cadastre-se entrar messenger facebook lite celular encontrar amigos atalhos pessoas páginas locais jogos locais celebridades grupos momentos sobre criar anúncio criar página desenvolvedores carreiras privacidade cookies opções de anúncio termos ajuda configurações registro de atividades facebook © 2016controllo di sicurezza richiesto facebook e-mail o telefono password non ricordi più come accedere all'account? iscriviti controllo di sicurezza inserisci il testo qui sotto non riesci a leggere il testo qui sopra? prova con un nuovo codice o un captcha audio inserisci qui il testo: cos'è questo? controllo di sicurezzaquesto è un test di sicurezza standard che viene usato per impedire agli spammer di creare falsi account e inviare spam agli utenti.invia italiano english (us) español français (france) 中文(简体) العربية português (brasil) 한국어 deutsch हिन्दी 日本語 iscriviti accedi messenger facebook lite per cellulare trova amici badge persone pagine luoghi giochi luoghi personaggi famosi gruppi moments informazioni crea un'inserzione crea una pagina sviluppatori opportunità di lavoro privacy cookie scegli tu! condizioni centro assistenza impostazioni registro attività facebook © 2016보안 확인 필요 facebook 이메일 또는 휴대폰 비밀번호 계정을 잊으셨나요? 가입하기 보안 확인 아래의 텍스트를 입력하세요. 텍스트를 읽을 수 없나요? 다른 텍스트 시도하기 또는 자동가입방지 문자(음성) 상자 안의 글자: 도움말 보안 확인보안 확인은 스패머가 허위 계정을 만들어 스팸 활동을 하는 것을 방지하기 위해 사용하는 표준 보안 테스트입니다.제출 한국어 english (us) español français (france) 中文(简体) العربية português (brasil) italiano deutsch हिन्दी 日本語 가입하기 로그인 messenger facebook lite 모바일 친구 찾기 위젯 사람 페이지 장소 게임 위치 유명인 그룹 moments 회사소개 광고 만들기 페이지 만들기 개발자 채용 정보 개인정보보호 쿠키 광고 선택 약관 고객 센터 설정 활동 로그 facebook © 2016